---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_api_product Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  APIProduct DataSource
---

# konnect_api_product (Data Source)

APIProduct DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_api_product" "my_apiproduct" {
  id = "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) API product identifier

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `description` (String) The description of the API product
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) The name of the API product
- `portal_ids` (List of String) The list of portal identifiers which this API product is published to.
This property is deprecated and will be removed in a future version. Use the `portals` property instead.
- `portals` (Attributes List) The list of portals which this API product is published to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--portals))
- `public_labels` (Map of String) Public labels store information about an entity that can be used for filtering a list of objects.

Public labels are intended to store **PUBLIC** metadata. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.
- `version_count` (Number) The number of product versions attached to this API product

<a id="nestedatt--portals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `portals`

Read-Only:

- `portal_id` (String)
- `portal_name` (String)
