---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_cloud_gateway_custom_domain Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudGatewayCustomDomain DataSource
---

# konnect_cloud_gateway_custom_domain (Data Source)

CloudGatewayCustomDomain DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_cloud_gateway_custom_domain" "my_cloudgatewaycustomdomain" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `certificate_id` (String) Certificate ID for the certificate representing this domain and stored on data-planes for this
control-plane. Can be retrieved via the control-planes API for this custom domain's control-plane.
- `control_plane_geo` (String) Set of control-plane geos supported for deploying cloud-gateways configurations.
- `control_plane_id` (String)
- `created_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of custom domain creation date.
- `domain` (String) Domain name of the custom domain.
- `entity_version` (Number) Monotonically-increasing version count of the custom domain, to indicate the order of updates to the custom
domain.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `sni_id` (String) Server Name Indication ID for this domain and stored on data-planes for this control-plane. Can be retrieved
via the control-planes API for this custom domain's control-plane.
- `state` (String) State of the custom domain.
- `state_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata describing the backing state of the custom domain and why it may be in an erroneous state. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state_metadata))
- `updated_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of custom domain update date.

<a id="nestedatt--state_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `reason` (String) Reason why the custom domain may be in an erroneous state, reported from backing infrastructure.
- `reported_status` (String) Reported status of the custom domain from backing infrastructure.
