---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_cloud_gateway_network Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudGatewayNetwork DataSource
---

# konnect_cloud_gateway_network (Data Source)

CloudGatewayNetwork DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_cloud_gateway_network" "my_cloudgatewaynetwork" {
  filter = {
    name = {
      contains  = "...my_contains..."
      eq        = "...my_eq..."
      neq       = "...my_neq..."
      ocontains = "...my_ocontains..."
      oeq       = "...my_oeq..."
    }
    state = {
      oeq = "...my_oeq..."
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Filters supported for networks. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (List of String) List of availability zones that the network is attached to.
- `cidr_block` (String) CIDR block configuration for the network.
- `cloud_gateway_provider_account_id` (String)
- `configuration_reference_count` (Number) The number of configurations that reference this network.
- `created_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of network creation date.
- `default` (Boolean) Whether the network is a default network or not. Default networks are Networks that are created
automatically by Konnect when an organization is linked to a provider account.
- `entity_version` (Number) Monotonically-increasing version count of the network, to indicate the order of updates to the network.
- `id` (String) The network ID to operate on. For serverless.v1 kind of cloud gateways, this field should be omitted.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the network.
- `provider_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata describing attributes returned by cloud-provider for the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_metadata))
- `region` (String) Region ID for cloud provider region.
- `transit_gateway_count` (Number) The number of transit gateways attached to this network.
- `updated_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of network update date.

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `name` (Attributes) Filter using **one** of the following operators: `eq`, `oeq`, `neq`, `contains`, `ocontains` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--name))
- `state` (Attributes) Filter using **one** of the following operators: `eq`, `oeq`, `neq` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--state))

<a id="nestedatt--filter--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.name`

Optional:

- `contains` (String) The field contains the provided value.
- `eq` (String) The field exactly matches the provided value.
- `neq` (String) The field does not match the provided value.
- `ocontains` (String) The field contains any of the provided values.
- `oeq` (String) The field matches any of the provided values.


<a id="nestedatt--filter--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.state`

Optional:

- `oeq` (String) The field matches any of the provided values.



<a id="nestedatt--provider_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_ids` (List of String)
- `vpc_id` (String)
