---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_route_expression Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayRouteExpression DataSource
---

# konnect_gateway_route_expression (Data Source)

GatewayRouteExpression DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_gateway_route_expression" "my_gatewayrouteexpression" {
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `expression` (String) Use Router Expression to perform route match. This option is only available when `router_flavor` is set to `expressions`.
- `https_redirect_status_code` (Number) The status code Kong responds with when all properties of a Route match except the protocol i.e. if the protocol of the request is `HTTP` instead of `HTTPS`. `Location` header is injected by Kong if the field is set to 301, 302, 307 or 308. Note: This config applies only if the Route is configured to only accept the `https` protocol.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the Route. Route names must be unique, and they are case sensitive. For example, there can be two different Routes named "test" and "Test".
- `path_handling` (String) Controls how the Service path, Route path and requested path are combined when sending a request to the upstream. See above for a detailed description of each behavior.
- `preserve_host` (Boolean) When matching a Route via one of the `hosts` domain names, use the request `Host` header in the upstream request headers. If set to `false`, the upstream `Host` header will be that of the Service's `host`.
- `priority` (Number)
- `protocols` (List of String) An array of the protocols this Route should allow. See the [Route Object](#route-object) section for a list of accepted protocols. When set to only `"https"`, HTTP requests are answered with an upgrade error. When set to only `"http"`, HTTPS requests are answered with an error.
- `request_buffering` (Boolean) Whether to enable request body buffering or not. With HTTP 1.1, it may make sense to turn this off on services that receive data with chunked transfer encoding.
- `response_buffering` (Boolean) Whether to enable response body buffering or not. With HTTP 1.1, it may make sense to turn this off on services that send data with chunked transfer encoding.
- `service` (Attributes) The Service this Route is associated to. This is where the Route proxies traffic to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `strip_path` (Boolean) When matching a Route via one of the `paths`, strip the matching prefix from the upstream request URL.
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Route for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
