---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_json_threat_protection Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginJSONThreatProtection DataSource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_json_threat_protection (Data Source)

GatewayPluginJSONThreatProtection DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_gateway_plugin_json_threat_protection" "my_gatewaypluginjsonthreatprotection" {
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager.

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `enforcement_mode` (String) Enforcement mode of the security policy.
- `error_message` (String) The response message when validation fails
- `error_status_code` (Number) The response status code when validation fails.
- `max_array_element_count` (Number) Max number of elements in an array. -1 means unlimited.
- `max_body_size` (Number) Max size of the request body. -1 means unlimited.
- `max_container_depth` (Number) Max nested depth of objects and arrays. -1 means unlimited.
- `max_object_entry_count` (Number) Max number of entries in an object. -1 means unlimited.
- `max_object_entry_name_length` (Number) Max string length of object name. -1 means unlimited.
- `max_string_value_length` (Number) Max string value length. -1 means unlimited.


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Read-Only:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
