---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_canary Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginCanary DataSource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_canary (Data Source)

GatewayPluginCanary DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_gateway_plugin_canary" "my_gatewayplugincanary" {
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager.

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `canary_by_header_name` (String) A string representing an HTTP header name.
- `duration` (Number) The duration of the canary release in seconds.
- `groups` (List of String) The groups allowed to access the canary release.
- `hash` (String) Hash algorithm to be used for canary release.

* `consumer`: The hash will be based on the consumer.
* `ip`: The hash will be based on the client IP address.
* `none`: No hash will be applied.
* `allow`: Allows the specified groups to access the canary release.
* `deny`: Denies the specified groups from accessing the canary release.
* `header`: The hash will be based on the specified header value.
- `hash_header` (String) A string representing an HTTP header name.
- `percentage` (Number) The percentage of traffic to be routed to the canary release.
- `start` (Number) Future time in seconds since epoch, when the canary release will start. Ignored when `percentage` is set, or when using `allow` or `deny` in `hash`.
- `steps` (Number) The number of steps for the canary release.
- `upstream_fallback` (Boolean) Specifies whether to fallback to the upstream server if the canary release fails.
- `upstream_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `upstream_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `upstream_uri` (String) The URI of the upstream server to be used for the canary release.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Read-Only:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
