---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_control_plane_list Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayControlPlaneList DataSource
---

# konnect_gateway_control_plane_list (Data Source)

GatewayControlPlaneList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_gateway_control_plane_list" "my_gatewaycontrolplanelist" {
  filter = {
    cloud_gateway = true
    cluster_type = {
      eq  = "...my_eq..."
      neq = "...my_neq..."
    }
    id = {
      eq  = "...my_eq..."
      oeq = "...my_oeq..."
    }
    name = {
      contains = "...my_contains..."
      eq       = "...my_eq..."
      neq      = "...my_neq..."
    }
  }
  filter_labels = "key:value,existCheck"
  sort          = "created_at desc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Filters a collection of control-planes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `filter_labels` (String) Filter control planes in the response by associated labels.
- `sort` (String) Sorts a collection of control-planes. Supported sort attributes are:
  - created_at

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `cloud_gateway` (Boolean) Filter by a boolean value (true/false).
- `cluster_type` (Attributes) Filter using **one** of the following operators: `eq`, `neq` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--cluster_type))
- `id` (Attributes) Filter using **one** of the following operators: `eq`, `oeq` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--id))
- `name` (Attributes) Filter using **one** of the following operators: `eq`, `neq`, `contains` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter--name))

<a id="nestedatt--filter--cluster_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.cluster_type`

Optional:

- `eq` (String) The field exactly matches the provided value.
- `neq` (String) The field does not match the provided value.


<a id="nestedatt--filter--id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.id`

Optional:

- `eq` (String) The field exactly matches the provided value.
- `oeq` (String) The field matches any of the provided values.


<a id="nestedatt--filter--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter.name`

Optional:

- `contains` (String) The field contains the provided value.
- `eq` (String) The field exactly matches the provided value.
- `neq` (String) The field does not match the provided value.



<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Attributes) CP configuration object for related access endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--config))
- `description` (String) The description of the control plane in Konnect.
- `id` (String) The control plane ID.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) The name of the control plane.

<a id="nestedatt--data--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.config`

Read-Only:

- `auth_type` (String) The auth type value of the cluster associated with the Runtime Group.
- `cloud_gateway` (Boolean) Whether the Control Plane can be used for cloud-gateways.
- `cluster_type` (String) The ClusterType value of the cluster associated with the Control Plane.
- `control_plane_endpoint` (String) Control Plane Endpoint.
- `proxy_urls` (Attributes Set) Array of proxy URLs associated with reaching the data-planes connected to a control-plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--config--proxy_urls))
- `telemetry_endpoint` (String) Telemetry Endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--data--config--proxy_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.config.proxy_urls`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) Hostname of the proxy URL.
- `port` (Number) Port of the proxy URL.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the proxy URL.
