---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_session Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginSession DataSource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_session (Data Source)

GatewayPluginSession DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_gateway_plugin_session" "my_gatewaypluginsession" {
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager.

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `absolute_timeout` (Number) The session cookie absolute timeout, in seconds. Specifies how long the session can be used until it is no longer valid.
- `audience` (String) The session audience, which is the intended target application. For example `"my-application"`.
- `cookie_domain` (String) The domain with which the cookie is intended to be exchanged.
- `cookie_http_only` (Boolean) Applies the `HttpOnly` tag so that the cookie is sent only to a server.
- `cookie_name` (String) The name of the cookie.
- `cookie_path` (String) The resource in the host where the cookie is available.
- `cookie_same_site` (String) Determines whether and how a cookie may be sent with cross-site requests.
- `cookie_secure` (Boolean) Applies the Secure directive so that the cookie may be sent to the server only with an encrypted request over the HTTPS protocol.
- `idling_timeout` (Number) The session cookie idle time, in seconds.
- `logout_methods` (List of String) A set of HTTP methods that the plugin will respond to.
- `logout_post_arg` (String) The POST argument passed to logout requests. Do not change this property.
- `logout_query_arg` (String) The query argument passed to logout requests.
- `read_body_for_logout` (Boolean)
- `remember` (Boolean) Enables or disables persistent sessions.
- `remember_absolute_timeout` (Number) The persistent session absolute timeout limit, in seconds.
- `remember_cookie_name` (String) Persistent session cookie name. Use with the `remember` configuration parameter.
- `remember_rolling_timeout` (Number) The persistent session rolling timeout window, in seconds.
- `request_headers` (List of String) List of information to include, as headers, in the response to the downstream.
- `response_headers` (List of String) List of information to include, as headers, in the response to the downstream.
- `rolling_timeout` (Number) The session cookie rolling timeout, in seconds. Specifies how long the session can be used until it needs to be renewed.
- `secret` (String) The secret that is used in keyed HMAC generation.
- `stale_ttl` (Number) The duration, in seconds, after which an old cookie is discarded, starting from the moment when the session becomes outdated and is replaced by a new one.
- `storage` (String) Determines where the session data is stored. `kong`: Stores encrypted session data into Kong's current database strategy; the cookie will not contain any session data. `cookie`: Stores encrypted session data within the cookie itself.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Read-Only:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
