---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiPromptDecorator DataSource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator (Data Source)

GatewayPluginAiPromptDecorator DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator" "my_gatewaypluginaipromptdecorator" {
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager.

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `max_request_body_size` (Number) max allowed body size allowed to be introspected
- `prompts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--prompts))

<a id="nestedatt--config--prompts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.prompts`

Read-Only:

- `append` (Attributes List) Insert chat messages at the end of the chat message array. This array preserves exact order when adding messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--prompts--append))
- `prepend` (Attributes List) Insert chat messages at the beginning of the chat message array. This array preserves exact order when adding messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--prompts--prepend))

<a id="nestedatt--config--prompts--append"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.prompts.append`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String)
- `role` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--config--prompts--prepend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.prompts.prepend`

Read-Only:

- `content` (String)
- `role` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Read-Only:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
