---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_opa Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginOpa DataSource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_opa (Data Source)

GatewayPluginOpa DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_gateway_plugin_opa" "my_gatewaypluginopa" {
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager.

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `include_body_in_opa_input` (Boolean)
- `include_consumer_in_opa_input` (Boolean) If set to true, the Kong Gateway Consumer object in use for the current request (if any) is included as input to OPA.
- `include_parsed_json_body_in_opa_input` (Boolean) If set to true and the `Content-Type` header of the current request is `application/json`, the request body will be JSON decoded and the decoded struct is included as input to OPA.
- `include_route_in_opa_input` (Boolean) If set to true, the Kong Gateway Route object in use for the current request is included as input to OPA.
- `include_service_in_opa_input` (Boolean) If set to true, the Kong Gateway Service object in use for the current request is included as input to OPA.
- `include_uri_captures_in_opa_input` (Boolean) If set to true, the regex capture groups captured on the Kong Gateway Route's path field in the current request (if any) are included as input to OPA.
- `opa_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `opa_path` (String) A string representing a URL path, such as /path/to/resource. Must start with a forward slash (/) and must not contain empty segments (i.e., two consecutive forward slashes).
- `opa_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `opa_protocol` (String) The protocol to use when talking to Open Policy Agent (OPA) server. Allowed protocols are `http` and `https`.
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) If set to true, the OPA certificate will be verified according to the CA certificates specified in lua_ssl_trusted_certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Read-Only:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Read-Only:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
