---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service_list Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeshMultiZoneServiceList DataSource
---

# konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service_list (Data Source)

MeshMultiZoneServiceList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service_list" "my_meshmultizoneservicelist" {
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  mesh  = "...my_mesh..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource
- `mesh` (String) name of the mesh

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `next` (String) URL to the next page
- `total` (Number) The total number of entities

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `creation_time` (String) Time at which the resource was created
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels to help identity resources
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is the name of the Kuma mesh this resource belongs to. It may be omitted for cluster-scoped resources.
- `modification_time` (String) Time at which the resource was updated
- `name` (String) Name of the Kuma resource
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshMultiZoneService resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))
- `status` (Attributes) Status is the current status of the Kuma MeshMultiZoneService resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))
- `type` (String) the type of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Read-Only:

- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports is a list of ports from selected MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--ports))
- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is a way to select multiple MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--selector))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.ports`

Read-Only:

- `app_protocol` (String) Protocol identifies a protocol supported by a service.
- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.selector`

Read-Only:

- `mesh_service` (Attributes) MeshService selects MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--selector--mesh_service))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--selector--mesh_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.selector.mesh_service`

Read-Only:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels matches multiple MeshServices by labels




<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (Attributes List) Addresses is a list of addresses generated by HostnameGenerator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--addresses))
- `hostname_generators` (Attributes List) Status of hostnames generator applied on this resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--hostname_generators))
- `mesh_services` (Attributes List) MeshServices is a list of matched MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--mesh_services))
- `vips` (Attributes List) VIPs is a list of assigned Kuma VIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--vips))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.addresses`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String)
- `hostname_generator_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--addresses--hostname_generator_ref))
- `origin` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--addresses--hostname_generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.addresses.hostname_generator_ref`

Read-Only:

- `core_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--items--status--hostname_generators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.hostname_generators`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Conditions is an array of hostname generator conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--hostname_generators--conditions))
- `hostname_generator_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status--hostname_generators--hostname_generator_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--items--status--hostname_generators--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.hostname_generators.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown.
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.


<a id="nestedatt--items--status--hostname_generators--hostname_generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.hostname_generators.hostname_generator_ref`

Read-Only:

- `core_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--items--status--mesh_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.mesh_services`

Read-Only:

- `mesh` (String)
- `name` (String) Name is a core name of MeshService
- `namespace` (String)
- `zone` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status--vips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status.vips`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String)
