---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_mesh_opa Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeshOPA DataSource
---

# konnect_mesh_opa (Data Source)

MeshOPA DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_mesh_opa" "my_meshopa" {
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  mesh  = "...my_mesh..."
  name  = "...my_name..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource
- `mesh` (String) name of the mesh
- `name` (String) name of the MeshOPA

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Time at which the resource was created
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels to help identity resources
- `modification_time` (String) Time at which the resource was updated
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshOPA resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `type` (String) the type of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource the policy takes an effect on.
The resource could be either a real store object or virtual resource
defined inplace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default`

Read-Only:

- `agent_config` (Attributes) AgentConfig defines bootstrap OPA agent configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--agent_config))
- `append_policies` (Attributes List) Policies define OPA policies that will be applied on OPA Agent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--append_policies))
- `auth_config` (Attributes) AuthConfig are configurations specific to the filter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--auth_config))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--agent_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.agent_config`

Read-Only:

- `inline` (String) Data source is inline bytes.
- `inline_string` (String) Data source is inline string`
- `secret` (String) Data source is a secret with given Secret key.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--append_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.append_policies`

Read-Only:

- `ignore_decision` (Boolean) If true, then policy won't be taken into account when making a decision.
- `rego` (Attributes) OPA Policy written in Rego. Available values: secret, inline, inlineString. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--append_policies--rego))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--append_policies--rego"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.append_policies.rego`

Read-Only:

- `inline` (String) Data source is inline bytes.
- `inline_string` (String) Data source is inline string`
- `secret` (String) Data source is a secret with given Secret key.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--auth_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.auth_config`

Read-Only:

- `on_agent_failure` (String) OnAgentFailure either 'allow' or 'deny' (default to deny) whether
to allow requests when the authorization agent failed.
- `request_body` (Attributes) RequestBody configuration to apply on the request body sent to the
authorization agent (if absent, the body is not sent). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--auth_config--request_body))
- `status_on_error` (Number) StatusOnError is the http status to return when there's a connection
failure between the dataplane and the authorization agent
- `timeout` (String) Timeout for the single gRPC request from Envoy to OPA Agent.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--auth_config--request_body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.auth_config.request_body`

Read-Only:

- `max_size` (Number) MaxSize defines the maximum payload size sent to authorization agent. If the payload
is larger it will be truncated and there will be a header
`x-envoy-auth-partial-body: true`. If it is set to 0 no body will be
sent to the agent.
- `send_raw_body` (Boolean) SendRawBody enable sending raw body instead of the body encoded into UTF-8




<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Read-Only:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are used to select group of MeshServices that match labels. Either Labels or
Name and Namespace can be used.
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: `MeshService`,
`MeshServiceSubset` and `MeshGatewayRoute`
- `namespace` (String) Namespace specifies the namespace of target resource. If empty only resources in policy namespace
will be targeted.
- `proxy_types` (List of String) ProxyTypes specifies the data plane types that are subject to the policy. When not specified,
all data plane types are targeted by the policy.
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is used to target specific section of resource.
For example, you can target port from MeshService.ports[] by its name. Only traffic to this port will be affected.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds
`MeshSubset` and `MeshServiceSubset`
