---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_mesh_passthrough Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeshPassthrough DataSource
---

# konnect_mesh_passthrough (Data Source)

MeshPassthrough DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_mesh_passthrough" "my_meshpassthrough" {
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  mesh  = "...my_mesh..."
  name  = "...my_name..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource
- `mesh` (String) name of the mesh
- `name` (String) name of the MeshPassthrough

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Time at which the resource was created
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels to help identity resources
- `modification_time` (String) Time at which the resource was updated
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshPassthrough resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `type` (String) the type of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Read-Only:

- `default` (Attributes) MeshPassthrough configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default))
- `target_ref` (Attributes) TargetRef is a reference to the resource the policy takes an effect on.
The resource could be either a real store object or virtual resource
defined in-place. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--target_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default`

Read-Only:

- `append_match` (Attributes List) AppendMatch is a list of destinations that should be allowed through the sidecar. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--default--append_match))
- `passthrough_mode` (String) Defines the passthrough behavior. Possible values: `All`, `None`, `Matched`
When `All` or `None` `appendMatch` has no effect.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--default--append_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.default.append_match`

Read-Only:

- `port` (Number) Port defines the port to which a user makes a request.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol defines the communication protocol. Possible values: `tcp`, `tls`, `grpc`, `http`, `http2`.
- `type` (String) Type of the match, one of `Domain`, `IP` or `CIDR` is available.
- `value` (String) Value for the specified Type.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--target_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.target_ref`

Read-Only:

- `kind` (String) Kind of the referenced resource
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are used to select group of MeshServices that match labels. Either Labels or
Name and Namespace can be used.
- `mesh` (String) Mesh is reserved for future use to identify cross mesh resources.
- `name` (String) Name of the referenced resource. Can only be used with kinds: `MeshService`,
`MeshServiceSubset` and `MeshGatewayRoute`
- `namespace` (String) Namespace specifies the namespace of target resource. If empty only resources in policy namespace
will be targeted.
- `proxy_types` (List of String) ProxyTypes specifies the data plane types that are subject to the policy. When not specified,
all data plane types are targeted by the policy.
- `section_name` (String) SectionName is used to target specific section of resource.
For example, you can target port from MeshService.ports[] by its name. Only traffic to this port will be affected.
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags used to select a subset of proxies by tags. Can only be used with kinds
`MeshSubset` and `MeshServiceSubset`
