---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_portal_product_version Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PortalProductVersion DataSource
---

# konnect_portal_product_version (Data Source)

PortalProductVersion DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect_portal_product_version" "my_portalproductversion" {
  portal_id          = "47a7b8c6-b8ad-4388-ba4c-746cd81f772c"
  product_version_id = "5f9fd312-a987-4628-b4c5-bb4f4fddd5f7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `portal_id` (String) ID of the portal.
- `product_version_id` (String) API product version identifier

### Read-Only

- `application_registration_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the application registration on this portal for the api product version is enabled
- `auth_strategies` (Attributes List) A list of authentication strategies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategies))
- `auto_approve_registration` (Boolean) Whether the application registration auto approval on this portal for the api product version is enabled
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `deprecated` (Boolean) Whether the api product version on the portal is deprecated
- `id` (String) Contains a unique identifier used by the API for this resource.
- `publish_status` (String) Publication status of the API product version on the portal
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategies`

Read-Only:

- `client_credentials` (Attributes) Client Credential Auth strategy that the application uses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategies--client_credentials))
- `key_auth` (Attributes) KeyAuth Auth strategy that the application uses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategies--key_auth))

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategies--client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategies.client_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `auth_methods` (List of String)
- `available_scopes` (List of String) Possible developer selectable scopes for an application. Only present when using DCR Provider that supports it.
- `credential_type` (String)
- `id` (String) The Application Auth Strategy ID.
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategies--key_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategies.key_auth`

Read-Only:

- `credential_type` (String)
- `id` (String) The Application Auth Strategy ID.
- `key_names` (List of String)
- `name` (String)
