---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_api Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API Resource
---

# konnect_api (Resource)

API Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_api" "my_api" {
  attributes  = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  description = "...my_description..."
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name         = "MyAPI"
  slug         = "my-api-v1"
  spec_content = "...my_spec_content..."
  version      = "...my_version..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of your API. The `name + version` combination must be unique for each API you publish.

### Optional

- `attributes` (String) A set of attributes that describe the API. Parsed as JSON.
- `description` (String) A description of your API. Will be visible on your live Portal.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `slug` (String) The `slug` is used in generated URLs to provide human readable paths.

Defaults to `slugify(name + version)`
- `spec_content` (String) The content of the API specification. This is the raw content of the API specification, in json or yaml. By including this field, you can add a API specification without having to make a separate call to update the API specification. Requires replacement if changed.
- `version` (String) An optional version for your API. Leave this empty if your API is unversioned.

### Read-Only

- `api_spec_ids` (List of String, Deprecated) The list of API specification ids for the API.
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The API identifier.
- `portals` (Attributes List) The list of portals which this API is published to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--portals))
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--portals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `portals`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the portal. This value will be the portal's `name` in Portal API.
- `id` (String) The portal identifier.
- `name` (String) The name of the portal, used to distinguish it from other portals.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_api.my_konnect_api
  id = "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_api.my_konnect_api "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
```
