---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_api_package Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  APIPackage Resource
---

# konnect_api_package (Resource)

APIPackage Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_api_package" "my_apipackage" {
  attributes  = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  description = "...my_description..."
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name = "MyAPIPackage"
  rate_limiting_config = {
    duration = "hours"
    limit    = 9
  }
  slug    = "my-api-package-v1"
  version = "...my_version..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of your API Package. The `name + version` combination must be unique for each API Package you publish.

### Optional

- `attributes` (String) A set of attributes that describe the API. Parsed as JSON.
- `description` (String) A description of your API Package. Will be visible on your live Portal.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `rate_limiting_config` (Attributes) Rate limit configuration that can be applied to an API Package or an API Package Operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting_config))
- `slug` (String) The unique slug for your API Package, It should be unique across all APIs and API Packages.
- `version` (String) An optional version for your API Package. Leave this empty if your API Package is unversioned.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The API Package identifier.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting_config`

Required:

- `duration` (String) The timeframe to ensure that an application does not exceed the request limit. possible known values include one of ["seconds", "minutes", "hours"]
- `limit` (Number) The amount of requests allowed for each operation within the specified duration.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_api_package.my_konnect_api_package
  id = "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_api_package.my_konnect_api_package "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
```
