---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_api_product Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  APIProduct Resource
---

# konnect_api_product (Resource)

APIProduct Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_api_product" "my_apiproduct" {
  description = "Text describing the API product"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name = "API Product"
  portal_ids = [
  ]
  public_labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the API product.
- `portal_ids` (List of String, Deprecated) The list of portal identifiers which this API product should be published to

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the API product.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `public_labels` (Map of String) Public labels store information about an entity that can be used for filtering a list of objects.

Public labels are intended to store **PUBLIC** metadata. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) API product identifier
- `portals` (Attributes List) The list of portals which this API product is published to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--portals))
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.
- `version_count` (Number) The number of product versions attached to this API product

<a id="nestedatt--portals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `portals`

Read-Only:

- `portal_id` (String)
- `portal_name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_api_product.my_konnect_api_product
  id = "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_api_product.my_konnect_api_product "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
```
