---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_cloud_gateway_addon Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudGatewayAddon Resource
---

# konnect_cloud_gateway_addon (Resource)

CloudGatewayAddon Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_cloud_gateway_addon" "my_cloudgatewayaddon" {
  config = {
    # ...
  }
  name = "my-add-on"
  owner = {
    control_plane_group = {
      control_plane_group_geo = "me"
      control_plane_group_id  = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration for creating different types of add-ons. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `name` (String) Unique human-readable name of the add-on. Requires replacement if changed.
- `owner` (Attributes) Owner for the add-on. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) RFC-3339 timestamp representation of add-on creation date.
- `entity_version` (Number) Monotonically-increasing version count of the add-on, to indicate the order of updates to the add-on.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `state` (String) The current state of the add-on. Possible values:
- `initializing` - The add-on is in the process of being initialized/updated.
- `ready` - The add-on is fully operational.
- `terminating` - The add-on is in the process of being deleted.
- `updated_at` (String) RFC-3339 timestamp representation of add-on update date.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `managed_cache` (Attributes) Configuration for creating a managed cache add-on. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache))

Read-Only:

- `managed_cache_add_on_config_response` (Attributes) Configuration for managed cache add-on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response))

<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache`

Required:

- `capacity_config` (Attributes) Configuration for managed cache capacity and performance characteristics. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache--capacity_config))

<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache--capacity_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache.capacity_config`

Optional:

- `tiered` (Attributes) Capacity tiers with pre-configured size and performance characteristics. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache--capacity_config--tiered))

<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache--capacity_config--tiered"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache.capacity_config.tiered`

Required:

- `tier` (String) Capacity tier that determines both cache size and performance characteristics:
- micro: ~0.5 GiB capacity
- small: ~1 GiB capacity
- medium: ~3 GiB capacity
- large: ~6 GiB capacity
- xlarge: ~12 GiB capacity
- 2xlarge: ~25 GiB capacity
- 4xlarge: ~52 GiB capacity
- 8xlarge: ~100 GiB capacity
- 12xlarge: ~150 GiB capacity
- 16xlarge: ~200 GiB capacity
- 24xlarge: ~300 GiB capacity
possible known values include one of ["micro", "small", "medium", "large", "xlarge", "2xlarge", "4xlarge", "8xlarge", "12xlarge", "16xlarge", "24xlarge"]; Requires replacement if changed.




<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache_add_on_config_response`

Read-Only:

- `capacity_config` (Attributes) Configuration for managed cache capacity and performance characteristics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--capacity_config))
- `data_plane_groups` (Attributes List) List of data-plane groups where the managed cache is deployed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--data_plane_groups))
- `state_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata describing the state of the managed cache add-on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--state_metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--capacity_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache_add_on_config_response.capacity_config`

Read-Only:

- `tiered` (Attributes) Capacity tiers with pre-configured size and performance characteristics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--capacity_config--tiered))

<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--capacity_config--tiered"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache_add_on_config_response.capacity_config.tiered`

Read-Only:

- `tier` (String) Capacity tier that determines both cache size and performance characteristics:
- micro: ~0.5 GiB capacity
- small: ~1 GiB capacity
- medium: ~3 GiB capacity
- large: ~6 GiB capacity
- xlarge: ~12 GiB capacity
- 2xlarge: ~25 GiB capacity
- 4xlarge: ~52 GiB capacity
- 8xlarge: ~100 GiB capacity
- 12xlarge: ~150 GiB capacity
- 16xlarge: ~200 GiB capacity
- 24xlarge: ~300 GiB capacity



<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--data_plane_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache_add_on_config_response.data_plane_groups`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_gateway_network_id` (String) Network ID this data-plane group is attached to.
- `id` (String) ID of the data-plane group.
- `provider` (String) Name of cloud provider.
- `region` (String) Region of cloud provider the data-plane group is deployed to.
- `state` (String) The current state of the managed cache add-on in the data-plane group. Possible values:
- `initializing` - The add-on is in the process of being initialized/updated and is setting up necessary resources for this data-plane group.
- `ready` - The add-on is fully operational for this data-plane group.
- `error` - The add-on is in an error state, and is not operational for this data-plane group.
- `terminating` - The add-on is in the process of being deleted for this data-plane group.
- `state_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata describing the state of the managed cache add-on in the data-plane group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--data_plane_groups--state_metadata))

<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--data_plane_groups--state_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache_add_on_config_response.data_plane_groups.state_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `error_reason` (String) Reason why the managed cache add-on may be in an error state, reported from backing infrastructure.



<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--state_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache_add_on_config_response.state_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `cache_config_id` (String) Reference to cache configuration for this add-on.
- `cache_host` (String) Env vault path to cache hostname.
- `cache_port` (String) Env vault path to cache port.
- `cache_server_name` (String) Env vault path to cache server name.
- `cache_username` (String) Env vault path to cache username.
- `cloud_authentication` (Attributes) Metadata describing the cloud authentication details for managed cache add-on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--state_metadata--cloud_authentication))

<a id="nestedatt--config--managed_cache_add_on_config_response--state_metadata--cloud_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.managed_cache_add_on_config_response.state_metadata.cloud_authentication`

Read-Only:

- `auth_provider` (String) Env vault path to cache auth provider.
- `aws_assume_role_arn` (String) Env vault path to aws assume role arn.
- `aws_cache_name` (String) Env vault path to aws cache name.
- `aws_region` (String) Env vault path to aws region.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Env vault path to azure tenant id.





<a id="nestedatt--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner`

Optional:

- `control_plane` (Attributes) Control Plane is the owner for the add-on. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--control_plane))
- `control_plane_group` (Attributes) Control Plane Group is the owner for the add-on. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--owner--control_plane_group))

<a id="nestedatt--owner--control_plane"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner.control_plane`

Optional:

- `control_plane_geo` (String) Set of control-plane geos supported for deploying cloud-gateways configurations. possible known values include one of ["us", "eu", "au", "me", "in", "sg"]; Not Null; Requires replacement if changed.
- `control_plane_id` (String) ID of the control-plane that owns this add-on. Not Null; Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--owner--control_plane_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `owner.control_plane_group`

Optional:

- `control_plane_group_geo` (String) Set of control-plane geos supported for deploying cloud-gateways configurations. possible known values include one of ["us", "eu", "au", "me", "in", "sg"]; Not Null; Requires replacement if changed.
- `control_plane_group_id` (String) ID of the control-plane group that owns this add-on. Not Null; Requires replacement if changed.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_cloud_gateway_addon.my_konnect_cloud_gateway_addon
  id = "550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_cloud_gateway_addon.my_konnect_cloud_gateway_addon "550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000"
```
