---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_cloud_gateway_configuration Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudGatewayConfiguration Resource
---

# konnect_cloud_gateway_configuration (Resource)

CloudGatewayConfiguration Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_cloud_gateway_configuration" "my_cloudgatewayconfiguration" {
  api_access        = "private+public"
  control_plane_geo = "us"
  control_plane_id  = "0949471e-b759-45ba-87ab-ee63fb781388"
  dataplane_groups = [
    {
      autoscale = {
        configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_static = {
          instance_type       = "medium"
          kind                = "static"
          requested_instances = 3
        }
      }
      cloud_gateway_network_id = "36ae63d3-efd1-4bec-b246-62aa5d3f5695"
      environment = [
        {
          name  = "KONG_LOG_LEVEL"
          value = "info"
        }
      ]
      provider = "aws"
      region   = "us-east-2"
    }
  ]
  kind    = "dedicated.v0"
  version = "3.10"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_geo` (String) Geographic region of the control plane. Supported values:
- `us` — United States
- `eu` — Europe
- `au` — Australia
- `me` — Middle East
- `in` — India
- `sg` — Singapore
possible known values include one of ["us", "eu", "au", "me", "in", "sg"]
- `control_plane_id` (String) ID of the Konnect control plane. Can be retrieved from the Control Planes API or the Konnect UI.
- `dataplane_groups` (Attributes Set) List of data-plane groups that describe where to deploy instances, along with how many instances. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataplane_groups))

### Optional

- `api_access` (String) Controls how data planes in a configuration are exposed. Supported values:
- `private` — data planes are accessible only within the VPC network; no public internet exposure
- `public` — data planes are accessible from the public internet
- `private+public` — equivalent to `public`; data planes are accessible from the public internet (default)
possible known values include one of ["private", "public", "private+public"]
- `kind` (String) **Pre-release Feature**
This feature is currently in beta and is subject to change.

Kind of the Cloud Gateway deployment. If serverless.v1 is specified, the following fields
should be omitted (will be ignored if provided): autoscale, cloud_gateway_network_id, version.
possible known values include one of ["dedicated.v0", "serverless.v1"]; Default: "dedicated.v0"
- `version` (String) Supported gateway version. For serverless.v1 kind of cloud gateways, this field should be omitted.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of configuration creation date.
- `entity_version` (Number) Positive, monotonically increasing version integer, to serialize configuration changes.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of configuration update date.

<a id="nestedatt--dataplane_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataplane_groups`

Optional:

- `autoscale` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataplane_groups--autoscale))
- `cloud_gateway_network_id` (String) The network ID to operate on. For serverless.v1 kind of cloud gateways, this field should be omitted.
- `environment` (Attributes List) Array of environment variables to set for a data-plane group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataplane_groups--environment))
- `provider` (String) Name of cloud provider. possible known values include one of ["aws", "azure", "gcp"]; Not Null
- `region` (String) Region ID for cloud provider region. Not Null

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of data-plane group creation date.
- `egress_ip_addresses` (List of String) List of egress IP addresses for the network that this data-plane group runs on.
- `id` (String) ID of the data-plane group that represents a deployment target for a set of data-planes.
- `private_ip_addresses` (List of String) List of private IP addresses of the internal load balancer that proxies traffic to this data-plane group.
- `state` (String) State of the data-plane group.
- `updated_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of data-plane group update date.

<a id="nestedatt--dataplane_groups--autoscale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataplane_groups.autoscale`

Optional:

- `configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_autopilot` (Attributes) Object that describes the autopilot autoscaling strategy. For serverless.v1 kind of cloud gateways, this field should be omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataplane_groups--autoscale--configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_autopilot))
- `configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_static` (Attributes, Deprecated) Object that describes the static autoscaling strategy. Deprecated in favor of the autopilot autoscaling strategy. Static autoscaling will be removed in a future version. For serverless.v1 kind of cloud gateways, this field should be omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dataplane_groups--autoscale--configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_static))

<a id="nestedatt--dataplane_groups--autoscale--configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_autopilot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataplane_groups.autoscale.configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_autopilot`

Optional:

- `base_rps` (Number) Base number of requests per second that the deployment target should support. Not Null
- `kind` (String) Not Null; must be "autopilot"

Read-Only:

- `max_rps` (Number, Deprecated) Max number of requests per second that the deployment target should support. If not set, this defaults to 10x base_rps. This field is deprecated and shouldn't be used in new configurations as it will be removed in a future version. max_rps is now calculated as 10x base_rps.


<a id="nestedatt--dataplane_groups--autoscale--configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataplane_groups.autoscale.configuration_data_plane_group_autoscale_static`

Optional:

- `instance_type` (String) Instance type name to indicate capacity. possible known values include one of ["small", "medium", "large"]; Not Null
- `kind` (String) Not Null; must be "static"
- `requested_instances` (Number) Number of data-planes the deployment target will contain. Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--dataplane_groups--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dataplane_groups.environment`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable field to set for the data-plane group. Must be prefixed by KONG_ or OTEL_. Not Null
- `value` (String) Value assigned to the environment variable field for the data-plane group. Not Null

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_cloud_gateway_configuration.my_konnect_cloud_gateway_configuration
  id = "edaf40f9-9fb0-4ffe-bb74-4e763a6bd471"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_cloud_gateway_configuration.my_konnect_cloud_gateway_configuration "edaf40f9-9fb0-4ffe-bb74-4e763a6bd471"
```
