---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_cloud_gateway_network Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CloudGatewayNetwork Resource
---

# konnect_cloud_gateway_network (Resource)

CloudGatewayNetwork Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_cloud_gateway_network" "my_cloudgatewaynetwork" {
  availability_zones = [
    "use2-az1",
    "use2-az2",
    "use2-az3",
  ]
  cidr_block                        = "10.0.0.0/8"
  cloud_gateway_provider_account_id = "929b2449-c69f-44c4-b6ad-9ecec6f811ae"
  name                              = "us-east-2 network"
  region                            = "us-east-2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `availability_zones` (List of String) List of availability zones that the network is attached to. Requires replacement if changed.
- `cidr_block` (String) CIDR block configuration for the network. Requires replacement if changed.
- `cloud_gateway_provider_account_id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name of the network.
- `region` (String) Region ID for cloud provider region. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `configuration_reference_count` (Number) The number of configurations that reference this network.
- `created_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of network creation date.
- `default` (Boolean) Whether the network is a default network or not. Default networks are Networks that are created
automatically by Konnect when an organization is linked to a provider account.
- `entity_version` (Number) Monotonically-increasing version count of the network, to indicate the order of updates to the network.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `provider_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata describing attributes returned by cloud-provider for the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_metadata))
- `transit_gateway_count` (Number) The number of transit gateways attached to this network.
- `updated_at` (String) An RFC-3339 timestamp representation of network update date.

<a id="nestedatt--provider_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provider_metadata`

Read-Only:

- `subnet_ids` (List of String)
- `vpc_id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_cloud_gateway_network.my_konnect_cloud_gateway_network
  id = "36ae63d3-efd1-4bec-b246-62aa5d3f5695"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_cloud_gateway_network.my_konnect_cloud_gateway_network "36ae63d3-efd1-4bec-b246-62aa5d3f5695"
```
