---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGateway Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway (Resource)

EventGateway Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway" "my_eventgateway" {
  description = "...my_description..."
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  min_runtime_version = "1.1"
  name                = "...my_name..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Gateway.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the Gateway.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `min_runtime_version` (String) The minimum runtime version supported by the API. This is the lowest version of the data plane
release that can be used with the entity model.
When not specified, the minimum runtime version will be pinned to the latest available release.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The gateway ID.
- `nodes_total` (Number) The total number of nodes associated with the Event Gateway.
- `version` (String) The version number of the event gateway. Every change to an entity
under this gateway will modify the version.
- `virtual_clusters_total` (Number) The total number of virtual clusters associated with the Event Gateway.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_event_gateway.my_konnect_event_gateway
  id = "7f9fd312-a987-4628-b4c5-bb4f4fddd5f7"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway.my_konnect_event_gateway "7f9fd312-a987-4628-b4c5-bb4f4fddd5f7"
```
