---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway_backend_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGatewayBackendCluster Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway_backend_cluster (Resource)

EventGatewayBackendCluster Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway_backend_cluster" "my_eventgatewaybackendcluster" {
  authentication = {
    sasl_scram = {
      algorithm = "sha256"
      password  = "$${vault.env['MY_ENV_VAR']}"
      username  = "...my_username..."
    }
  }
  bootstrap_servers = [
    "..."
  ]
  description                                   = "...my_description..."
  gateway_id                                    = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  insecure_allow_anonymous_virtual_cluster_auth = false
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  metadata_update_interval_seconds = 22808
  name                             = "...my_name..."
  tls = {
    ca_bundle = "...my_ca_bundle..."
    client_identity = {
      certificate = "...my_certificate..."
      key         = "$${vault.env['MY_ENV_VAR']}"
    }
    enabled              = false
    insecure_skip_verify = false
    tls_versions = [
      "tls12"
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `bootstrap_servers` (List of String) A list of cluster bootstrap servers in the format address:port.
- `gateway_id` (String) The UUID of your Gateway.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the backend cluster.
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls))

### Optional

- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the backend cluster. Default: ""
- `insecure_allow_anonymous_virtual_cluster_auth` (Boolean) If true, virtual clusters can have allow anonymous authentication and use this backend cluster.
This setting is not recommended for production use as it may create privilege escalation vulnerabilities.
Default: false
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `metadata_update_interval_seconds` (Number) The interval at which metadata is updated in seconds. Default: 60

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the backend cluster.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Optional:

- `anonymous` (Attributes) Anonymous authentication scheme for the backend cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--anonymous))
- `sasl_plain` (Attributes) SASL/PLAIN authentication scheme for the backend cluster without requiring sensitive password data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--sasl_plain))
- `sasl_scram` (Attributes) SASL/SCRAM authentication scheme for the backend cluster without requiring sensitive password data. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--sasl_scram))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--anonymous"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.anonymous`


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--sasl_plain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.sasl_plain`

Optional:

- `password` (String) A sensitive value containing the secret or a reference to a secret as a template string expression.
If the value is provided as plain text, it is encrypted at rest and omitted from API responses.
If provided as an expression, the expression itself is stored and returned by the API.
Not Null
- `username` (String) A literal value or a reference to an existing secret as a template string expression.
The value is stored and returned by the API as-is, not treated as sensitive information.
Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--sasl_scram"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.sasl_scram`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm used for SASL/SCRAM authentication. Not Null; must be one of ["sha256", "sha512"]
- `password` (String) A sensitive value containing the secret or a reference to a secret as a template string expression.
If the value is provided as plain text, it is encrypted at rest and omitted from API responses.
If provided as an expression, the expression itself is stored and returned by the API.
Not Null
- `username` (String) A literal value or a reference to an existing secret as a template string expression.
The value is stored and returned by the API as-is, not treated as sensitive information.
Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, TLS is enabled for connections to this backend cluster. If false, TLS is explicitly disabled.

Optional:

- `ca_bundle` (String) A literal value or a reference to an existing secret as a template string expression.
The value is stored and returned by the API as-is, not treated as sensitive information.
- `client_identity` (Attributes) Client mTLS configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--client_identity))
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) If true, skip certificate verification. It's not secure to use for production. Default: false
- `tls_versions` (List of String) List of supported TLS versions. Default: ["tls12","tls13"]

<a id="nestedatt--tls--client_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.client_identity`

Required:

- `certificate` (String) A literal value or a reference to an existing secret as a template string expression.
The value is stored and returned by the API as-is, not treated as sensitive information.
- `key` (String) A sensitive value containing the secret or a reference to a secret as a template string expression.
If the value is provided as plain text, it is encrypted at rest and omitted from API responses.
If provided as an expression, the expression itself is stored and returned by the API.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_event_gateway_backend_cluster.my_konnect_event_gateway_backend_cluster
  id = jsonencode({
    gateway_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway_backend_cluster.my_konnect_event_gateway_backend_cluster '{"gateway_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "..."}'
```
