---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGatewaySchemaRegistry Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry (Resource)

EventGatewaySchemaRegistry Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry" "my_eventgatewayschemaregistry" {
  confluent = {
    config = {
      authentication = {
        basic = {
          password = "$${vault.env['MY_ENV_VAR']}"
          username = "...my_username..."
        }
      }
      endpoint        = "https://key-hovercraft.com"
      schema_type     = "avro"
      timeout_seconds = 8
    }
    description = "...my_description..."
    labels = {
      key = "value"
    }
    name = "...my_name..."
  }
  gateway_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The UUID of your Gateway.

### Optional

- `confluent` (Attributes) A Confluent schema registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent))

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the schema registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the schema registry.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) The unique name of the schema registry.
- `type` (String) The type of the schema registry.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--confluent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent`

Required:

- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of [Confluent Schema Registry](https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent--config))
- `name` (String) The unique name of the schema registry.

Optional:

- `description` (String) A human-readable description.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".

<a id="nestedatt--confluent--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent.config`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint of the Confluent schema registry.
- `schema_type` (String) The format of the message. must be one of ["avro", "json"]

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) The authentication configuration for the schema registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication))
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Total time in seconds from establishing connection to receive a response from schema registry. Default: 10

<a id="nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent.config.authentication`

Optional:

- `basic` (Attributes) Basic authentication scheme for the schema registry with username and password. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication--basic))

<a id="nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent.config.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String) A sensitive value containing the secret or a reference to a secret as a template string expression.
If the value is provided as plain text, it is encrypted at rest and omitted from API responses.
If provided as an expression, the expression itself is stored and returned by the API.
- `username` (String) A literal value or a reference to an existing secret as a template string expression.
The value is stored and returned by the API as-is, not treated as sensitive information.





<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry.my_konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry
  id = jsonencode({
    gateway_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry.my_konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry '{"gateway_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "..."}'
```
