---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_upstream Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginSolaceUpstream Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_upstream (Resource)

GatewayPluginSolaceUpstream Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_upstream" "my_gatewaypluginsolaceupstream" {
  config = {
    message = {
      ack_timeout     = 89103
      default_content = "...my_default_content..."
      delivery_mode   = "DIRECT"
      destinations = [
        {
          name = "...my_name..."
          type = "TOPIC"
        }
      ]
      dmq_eligible    = true
      forward_body    = false
      forward_headers = false
      forward_method  = true
      forward_uri     = false
      functions = [
        "..."
      ]
      priority        = 106
      sender_id       = "...my_sender_id..."
      tracing         = false
      tracing_sampled = false
      ttl             = 9
    }
    session = {
      authentication = {
        access_token        = "...my_access_token..."
        access_token_header = "...my_access_token_header..."
        basic_auth_header   = "...my_basic_auth_header..."
        id_token            = "...my_id_token..."
        id_token_header     = "...my_id_token_header..."
        password            = "...my_password..."
        scheme              = "NONE"
        username            = "...my_username..."
      }
      calculate_message_expiry = false
      connect_timeout          = 82788
      generate_rcv_timestamps  = false
      generate_send_timestamps = false
      generate_sender_id       = false
      generate_sequence_number = false
      host                     = "...my_host..."
      properties = {
        key = "value"
      }
      ssl_validate_certificate = true
      vpn_name                 = "...my_vpn_name..."
    }
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 5
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 7
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `message` (Attributes) The message related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--message))
- `session` (Attributes) Session related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--session))

<a id="nestedatt--config--message"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.message`

Required:

- `destinations` (Attributes List) The message destinations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--message--destinations))

Optional:

- `ack_timeout` (Number) When using a non-DIRECT guaranteed delivery mode, this property sets the message acknowledgement timeout in milliseconds (waiting time). Default: 2000
- `default_content` (String) When not using `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers` or `forward_body`, this sets the message content.
- `delivery_mode` (String) Sets the message delivery mode. Default: "DIRECT"; must be one of ["DIRECT", "PERSISTENT"]
- `dmq_eligible` (Boolean) Sets the dead message queue (DMQ) eligible property on the message. Default: false
- `forward_body` (Boolean) Include the request body and the body arguments in the message. Default: false
- `forward_headers` (Boolean) Include the request headers in the message. Default: false
- `forward_method` (Boolean) Include the request method in the message. Default: false
- `forward_uri` (Boolean) Include the request URI and the URI arguments (as in, query arguments) in the message. Default: false
- `functions` (List of String) The Lua functions that manipulates (or generates) the message being sent to Solace. The `message` variable can be used to access the current message content, and the function can return a new content.
- `priority` (Number) Sets the message priority. Default: 4
- `sender_id` (String) Allows the application to set the content of the sender identifier.
- `tracing` (Boolean) Enable or disable the tracing propagation. This is primarily used for distributed tracing and message correlation, especially in debugging or tracking message flows across multiple systems. Default: false
- `tracing_sampled` (Boolean) Forcibly turn on the tracing on all the messages for distributed tracing (tracing needs to be enabled as well). Default: false
- `ttl` (Number) Sets the time to live (TTL) in milliseconds for the message. Setting the time to live to zero disables the TTL for the message. Default: 0

<a id="nestedatt--config--message--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.message.destinations`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the destination. You can use $(uri_captures['<capture-identifier>']) in this field (replace `<capture-identifier>` with a real value, for example `$uri_captures[’queue’]` when the matched route has a path `~/(?<queue>[a-z]+)`). Not Null
- `type` (String) The type of the destination. Default: "QUEUE"; must be one of ["QUEUE", "TOPIC"]



<a id="nestedatt--config--session"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.session`

Required:

- `host` (String) The IPv4 or IPv6 address or host name to connect to (see: https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/c/index.html#host-entry).

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Session authentication related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--session--authentication))
- `calculate_message_expiry` (Boolean) If this property is true and time-to-live has a positive value in a message, the expiration time is calculated when the message is sent or received. Default: true
- `connect_timeout` (Number) The timeout period (in milliseconds) for a connect operation to a given host (per host). Default: 3000
- `generate_rcv_timestamps` (Boolean) When enabled, a receive timestamp is recorded for each message. Default: true
- `generate_send_timestamps` (Boolean) When enabled, a send timestamp is automatically included (if not already present) in the Solace-defined fields for each message sent. Default: true
- `generate_sender_id` (Boolean) When enabled, a sender id is automatically included (if not already present) in the Solace-defined fields for each message sent. Default: true
- `generate_sequence_number` (Boolean) When enabled, a sequence number is automatically included (if not already present) in the Solace-defined fields for each message sent. Default: true
- `properties` (Map of String) Additional Solace session properties (each setting needs to have `SESSION_` prefix).
- `ssl_validate_certificate` (Boolean) Indicates whether the API should validate server certificates with the trusted certificates. Default: false
- `vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN to attempt to join when connecting to an event broker.

<a id="nestedatt--config--session--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.session.authentication`

Optional:

- `access_token` (String) The OAuth2 access token used with `OAUTH2` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.
- `access_token_header` (String) Specifies the header that contains access token for the `OAUTH2` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker. This header takes precedence over the `access_token` field.
- `basic_auth_header` (String) Specifies the header that contains Basic Authentication credentials for the `BASIC` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker. This header takes precedence over the `username` and `password` fields.
- `id_token` (String) The OpenID Connect ID token used with `OAUTH2` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.
- `id_token_header` (String) Specifies the header that contains id token for the `OAUTH2` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker. This header takes precedence over the `id_token` field.
- `password` (String) The password used with `BASIC` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.
- `scheme` (String) The client authentication scheme used when connection to an event broker. Default: "BASIC"; must be one of ["BASIC", "NONE", "OAUTH2"]
- `username` (String) The username used with `BASIC` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.




<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_upstream.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_upstream
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_upstream.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_upstream '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
