---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_gcp_model_armor Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiGcpModelArmor Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_gcp_model_armor (Resource)

GatewayPluginAiGcpModelArmor Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_gcp_model_armor" "my_gatewaypluginaigcpmodelarmor" {
  config = {
    enable_multi_language_detection = true
    gcp_service_account_json        = "...my_gcp_service_account_json..."
    gcp_use_service_account         = true
    guarding_mode                   = "INPUT"
    location_id                     = "...my_location_id..."
    project_id                      = "...my_project_id..."
    request_failure_message         = "...my_request_failure_message..."
    response_buffer_size            = 8.82
    response_failure_message        = "...my_response_failure_message..."
    reveal_failure_categories       = false
    source_language                 = "...my_source_language..."
    stop_on_error                   = false
    template_id                     = "...my_template_id..."
    text_source                     = "concatenate_all_content"
    timeout                         = 7.5
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 3
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `location_id` (String) GCP Location ID for the GCP Model Armor subscription.
- `project_id` (String) GCP Project ID for the GCP Model Armor subscription.
- `template_id` (String) GCP Model Armor Template ID to enforce.

Optional:

- `enable_multi_language_detection` (Boolean) Enables multi-language detection mode. Must be used with 'source_language'. Default: false
- `gcp_service_account_json` (String) Set this field to the full JSON of the GCP service account to authenticate, if required. If null (and gcp_use_service_account is true), Kong will attempt to read from environment variable `GCP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` or from the instance/container metadata service.
- `gcp_use_service_account` (Boolean) Use service account auth for GCP-based providers and models. Default: false
- `guarding_mode` (String) The guardrail mode to use for the request. Default: "INPUT"; must be one of ["BOTH", "INPUT", "OUTPUT"]
- `request_failure_message` (String) The message to return when a failure occurs on the request phase. Default: "Request was filtered by GCP Model Armor"
- `response_buffer_size` (Number) The amount of bytes receiving from upstream to be buffered before sending to the model armor service. This only applies to the response content guard. Default: 100
- `response_failure_message` (String) The message to return when a failure occurs on the response phase. Default: "Response was filtered by GCP Model Armor"
- `reveal_failure_categories` (Boolean) Whether to reveal failure categories in the response to the caller. Default: false
- `source_language` (String) Source language (ISO code) to use when 'enable_multi_language_detection' is enabled.
- `stop_on_error` (Boolean) Stop processing if an error occurs. Default: true
- `text_source` (String) Select where to pick the 'text' for the GCP Model Armor Services request. Default: "last_message"; must be one of ["concatenate_all_content", "concatenate_user_content", "last_message"]
- `timeout` (Number) Connection timeout with the GCP Model Armor service. Default: 10000


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_gcp_model_armor.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_gcp_model_armor
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_gcp_model_armor.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_gcp_model_armor '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
