---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_graphql_proxy_cache_advanced Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginGraphqlProxyCacheAdvanced Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_graphql_proxy_cache_advanced (Resource)

GatewayPluginGraphqlProxyCacheAdvanced Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_graphql_proxy_cache_advanced" "my_gatewayplugingraphqlproxycacheadvanced" {
  config = {
    bypass_on_err = true
    cache_ttl     = 7
    memory = {
      dictionary_name = "...my_dictionary_name..."
    }
    redis = {
      cloud_authentication = {
        auth_provider            = "azure"
        aws_access_key_id        = "...my_aws_access_key_id..."
        aws_assume_role_arn      = "...my_aws_assume_role_arn..."
        aws_cache_name           = "...my_aws_cache_name..."
        aws_is_serverless        = true
        aws_region               = "...my_aws_region..."
        aws_role_session_name    = "...my_aws_role_session_name..."
        aws_secret_access_key    = "...my_aws_secret_access_key..."
        azure_client_id          = "...my_azure_client_id..."
        azure_client_secret      = "...my_azure_client_secret..."
        azure_tenant_id          = "...my_azure_tenant_id..."
        gcp_service_account_json = "...my_gcp_service_account_json..."
      }
      cluster_max_redirections = 8
      cluster_nodes = [
        {
          ip   = "...my_ip..."
          port = 438
        }
      ]
      connect_timeout       = 974295670
      connection_is_proxied = true
      database              = 0
      host                  = "...my_host..."
      keepalive_backlog     = 329763938
      keepalive_pool_size   = 353109135
      password              = "...my_password..."
      port                  = 47126
      read_timeout          = 1749476727
      send_timeout          = 2078135811
      sentinel_master       = "...my_sentinel_master..."
      sentinel_nodes = [
        {
          host = "...my_host..."
          port = 41845
        }
      ]
      sentinel_password = "...my_sentinel_password..."
      sentinel_role     = "slave"
      sentinel_username = "...my_sentinel_username..."
      server_name       = "...my_server_name..."
      ssl               = true
      ssl_verify        = false
      username          = "...my_username..."
    }
    strategy = "memory"
    vary_headers = [
      "..."
    ]
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 6
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `bypass_on_err` (Boolean) Unhandled errors while trying to retrieve a cache entry (such as redis down) are resolved with `Bypass`, with the request going upstream. Default: false
- `cache_ttl` (Number) TTL in seconds of cache entities. Must be a value greater than 0. Default: 300
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--memory))
- `redis` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis))
- `strategy` (String) The backing data store in which to hold cached entities. Accepted value is `memory`. Default: "memory"; must be one of ["memory", "redis"]
- `vary_headers` (List of String) Relevant headers considered for the cache key. If undefined, none of the headers are taken into consideration.

<a id="nestedatt--config--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.memory`

Optional:

- `dictionary_name` (String) The name of the shared dictionary in which to hold cache entities when the memory strategy is selected. This dictionary currently must be defined manually in the Kong Nginx template. Default: "kong_db_cache"


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis`

Optional:

- `cloud_authentication` (Attributes) Cloud auth related configs for connecting to a Cloud Provider's Redis instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--cloud_authentication))
- `cluster_max_redirections` (Number) Maximum retry attempts for redirection. Default: 5
- `cluster_nodes` (Attributes List) Cluster addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Cluster. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `connection_is_proxied` (Boolean) If the connection to Redis is proxied (e.g. Envoy), set it `true`. Set the `host` and `port` to point to the proxy address. Default: false
- `database` (Number) Database to use for the Redis connection when using the `redis` strategy. Default: 0
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `keepalive_backlog` (Number) Limits the total number of opened connections for a pool. If the connection pool is full, connection queues above the limit go into the backlog queue. If the backlog queue is full, subsequent connect operations fail and return `nil`. Queued operations (subject to set timeouts) resume once the number of connections in the pool is less than `keepalive_pool_size`. If latency is high or throughput is low, try increasing this value. Empirically, this value is larger than `keepalive_pool_size`.
- `keepalive_pool_size` (Number) The size limit for every cosocket connection pool associated with every remote server, per worker process. If neither `keepalive_pool_size` nor `keepalive_backlog` is specified, no pool is created. If `keepalive_pool_size` isn't specified but `keepalive_backlog` is specified, then the pool uses the default value. Try to increase (e.g. 512) this value if latency is high or throughput is low. Default: 256
- `password` (String) Password to use for Redis connections. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379
- `read_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `send_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `sentinel_master` (String) Sentinel master to use for Redis connections. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
- `sentinel_nodes` (Attributes List) Sentinel node addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Sentinel. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes))
- `sentinel_password` (String) Sentinel password to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis Sentinels.
- `sentinel_role` (String) Sentinel role to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel. must be one of ["any", "master", "slave"]
- `sentinel_username` (String) Sentinel username to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.2.0+.
- `server_name` (String) A string representing an SNI (server name indication) value for TLS.
- `ssl` (Boolean) If set to true, uses SSL to connect to Redis. Default: false
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) If set to true, verifies the validity of the server SSL certificate. If setting this parameter, also configure `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` in `kong.conf` to specify the CA (or server) certificate used by your Redis server. You may also need to configure `lua_ssl_verify_depth` accordingly. Default: false
- `username` (String) Username to use for Redis connections. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.0.0+. To be compatible with Redis v5.x.y, you can set it to `default`.

<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--cloud_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.cloud_authentication`

Optional:

- `auth_provider` (String) Auth providers to be used to authenticate to a Cloud Provider's Redis instance. must be one of ["aws", "azure", "gcp"]
- `aws_access_key_id` (String) AWS Access Key ID to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `aws_assume_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role to assume for generating ElastiCache IAM authentication tokens.
- `aws_cache_name` (String) The name of the AWS Elasticache cluster when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `aws_is_serverless` (Boolean) This flag specifies whether the cluster is serverless when auth_provider is set to `aws`. Default: true
- `aws_region` (String) The region of the AWS ElastiCache cluster when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `aws_role_session_name` (String) The session name for the temporary credentials when assuming the IAM role.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String) AWS Secret Access Key to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `azure_client_id` (String) Azure Client ID to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `azure`.
- `azure_client_secret` (String) Azure Client Secret to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `azure`.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Azure Tenant ID to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `azure`.
- `gcp_service_account_json` (String) GCP Service Account JSON to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `gcp`.


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.cluster_nodes`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.sentinel_nodes`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379




<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_graphql_proxy_cache_advanced.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_graphql_proxy_cache_advanced
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_graphql_proxy_cache_advanced.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_graphql_proxy_cache_advanced '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
