---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiPromptDecorator Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator (Resource)

GatewayPluginAiPromptDecorator Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator" "my_gatewaypluginaipromptdecorator" {
  config = {
    llm_format            = "bedrock"
    max_request_body_size = 3
    prompts = {
      append = [
        {
          content = "...my_content..."
          role    = "user"
        }
      ]
      prepend = [
        {
          content = "...my_content..."
          role    = "assistant"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 4
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "http"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 9
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `llm_format` (String) LLM input and output format and schema to use. Default: "openai"; must be one of ["bedrock", "cohere", "gemini", "huggingface", "openai"]
- `max_request_body_size` (Number) max allowed body size allowed to be introspected. 0 means unlimited, but the size of this body will still be limited by Nginx's client_max_body_size. Default: 8192
- `prompts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--prompts))

<a id="nestedatt--config--prompts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.prompts`

Optional:

- `append` (Attributes List) Insert chat messages at the end of the chat message array. This array preserves exact order when adding messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--prompts--append))
- `prepend` (Attributes List) Insert chat messages at the beginning of the chat message array. This array preserves exact order when adding messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--prompts--prepend))

<a id="nestedatt--config--prompts--append"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.prompts.append`

Optional:

- `content` (String) Not Null
- `role` (String) Default: "system"; must be one of ["assistant", "system", "user"]


<a id="nestedatt--config--prompts--prepend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.prompts.prepend`

Optional:

- `content` (String) Not Null
- `role` (String) Default: "system"; must be one of ["assistant", "system", "user"]




<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_decorator '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
