---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_session Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginSession Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_session (Resource)

GatewayPluginSession Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_session" "my_gatewaypluginsession" {
  condition = "...my_condition..."
  config = {
    absolute_timeout = 86400
    audience         = "default"
    bind = [
      "user-agent"
    ]
    cookie_domain    = "...my_cookie_domain..."
    cookie_http_only = true
    cookie_name      = "session"
    cookie_path      = "/"
    cookie_same_site = "Strict"
    cookie_secure    = true
    hash_subject     = false
    idling_timeout   = 900
    logout_methods = [
      "GET"
    ]
    logout_post_arg           = "session_logout"
    logout_query_arg          = "session_logout"
    read_body_for_logout      = false
    remember                  = false
    remember_absolute_timeout = 2592000
    remember_cookie_name      = "remember"
    remember_rolling_timeout  = 604800
    request_headers = [
      "idling-timeout"
    ]
    response_headers = [
      "audience"
    ]
    rolling_timeout = 3600
    secret          = "...my_secret..."
    stale_ttl       = 10
    storage         = "cookie"
    store_metadata  = false
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 4
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "wss"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `condition` (String) An expression used for conditional control over plugin execution. If the expression evaluates to `true` during the request flow, the plugin is executed; otherwise, it is skipped.
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `absolute_timeout` (Number) The session cookie absolute timeout, in seconds. Specifies how long the session can be used until it is no longer valid. Default: 86400
- `audience` (String) The session audience, which is the intended target application. For example `"my-application"`. Default: "default"
- `bind` (List of String) Bind the session to data acquired from the HTTP request or connection.
- `cookie_domain` (String) The domain with which the cookie is intended to be exchanged.
- `cookie_http_only` (Boolean) Applies the `HttpOnly` tag so that the cookie is sent only to a server. Default: true
- `cookie_name` (String) The name of the cookie. Default: "session"
- `cookie_path` (String) The resource in the host where the cookie is available. Default: "/"
- `cookie_same_site` (String) Determines whether and how a cookie may be sent with cross-site requests. possible known values include one of ["Default", "Lax", "None", "Strict"]; Default: "Strict"
- `cookie_secure` (Boolean) Applies the Secure directive so that the cookie may be sent to the server only with an encrypted request over the HTTPS protocol. Default: true
- `hash_subject` (Boolean) Whether to hash or not the subject when store_metadata is enabled. Default: false
- `idling_timeout` (Number) The session cookie idle time, in seconds. Default: 900
- `logout_methods` (List of String) A set of HTTP methods that the plugin will respond to. Default: ["DELETE","POST"]
- `logout_post_arg` (String) The POST argument passed to logout requests. Do not change this property. Default: "session_logout"
- `logout_query_arg` (String) The query argument passed to logout requests. Default: "session_logout"
- `read_body_for_logout` (Boolean) Default: false
- `remember` (Boolean) Enables or disables persistent sessions. Default: false
- `remember_absolute_timeout` (Number) The persistent session absolute timeout limit, in seconds. Default: 2592000
- `remember_cookie_name` (String) Persistent session cookie name. Use with the `remember` configuration parameter. Default: "remember"
- `remember_rolling_timeout` (Number) The persistent session rolling timeout window, in seconds. Default: 604800
- `request_headers` (List of String) List of information to include, as headers, in the response to the downstream.
- `response_headers` (List of String) List of information to include, as headers, in the response to the downstream.
- `rolling_timeout` (Number) The session cookie rolling timeout, in seconds. Specifies how long the session can be used until it needs to be renewed. Default: 3600
- `secret` (String) The secret that is used in keyed HMAC generation.
- `stale_ttl` (Number) The duration, in seconds, after which an old cookie is discarded, starting from the moment when the session becomes outdated and is replaced by a new one. Default: 10
- `storage` (String) Determines where the session data is stored. `kong`: Stores encrypted session data into Kong's current database strategy; the cookie will not contain any session data. `cookie`: Stores encrypted session data within the cookie itself. possible known values include one of ["cookie", "kong"]; Default: "cookie"
- `store_metadata` (Boolean) Whether to also store metadata of sessions, such as collecting data of sessions for a specific audience belonging to a specific subject. Default: false


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String) Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_session.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_session
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id               = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_session.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_session '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
