---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_cors Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginCors Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_cors (Resource)

GatewayPluginCors Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_cors" "my_gatewayplugincors" {
  config = {
    allow_origin_absent = true
    credentials         = true
    exposed_headers = [
      "..."
    ]
    headers = [
      "..."
    ]
    max_age = 8.8
    methods = [
      "DELETE"
    ]
    origins = [
      "..."
    ]
    preflight_continue = true
    private_network    = true
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 3
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allow_origin_absent` (Boolean) A boolean value that skip cors response headers when origin header of request is empty. Default: true
- `credentials` (Boolean) Flag to determine whether the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` header should be sent with `true` as the value. Default: false
- `exposed_headers` (List of String) Value for the `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` header. If not specified, no custom headers are exposed.
- `headers` (List of String) Value for the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` header.
- `max_age` (Number) Indicates how long the results of the preflight request can be cached, in `seconds`.
- `methods` (List of String) 'Value for the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` header. Available options include `GET`, `HEAD`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `POST`, `DELETE`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `CONNECT`. By default, all options are allowed.'
- `origins` (List of String) List of allowed domains for the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header. If you want to allow all origins, add `*` as a single value to this configuration field. The accepted values can either be flat strings or PCRE regexes.
- `preflight_continue` (Boolean) A boolean value that instructs the plugin to proxy the `OPTIONS` preflight request to the Upstream service. Default: false
- `private_network` (Boolean) Flag to determine whether the `Access-Control-Allow-Private-Network` header should be sent with `true` as the value. Default: false


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_cors.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_cors "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
