---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_xml_threat_protection Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginXMLThreatProtection Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_xml_threat_protection (Resource)

GatewayPluginXMLThreatProtection Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_xml_threat_protection" "my_gatewaypluginxmlthreatprotection" {
  config = {
    allow_dtd = true
    allowed_content_types = [
      "..."
    ]
    attribute             = 6
    bla_max_amplification = 6.05
    bla_threshold         = 1030
    buffer                = 7
    checked_content_types = [
      "..."
    ]
    comment         = 1
    document        = 4
    entity          = 1
    entityname      = 5
    entityproperty  = 7
    localname       = 4
    max_attributes  = 6
    max_children    = 7
    max_depth       = 8
    max_namespaces  = 6
    namespace_aware = false
    namespaceuri    = 0
    pidata          = 10
    pitarget        = 9
    prefix          = 3
    text            = 3
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "wss"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allow_dtd` (Boolean) Indicates whether an XML Document Type Definition (DTD) section is allowed.
- `allowed_content_types` (List of String) A list of Content-Type values with payloads that are allowed, but aren't validated.
- `attribute` (Number) Maximum size of the attribute value.
- `bla_max_amplification` (Number) Sets the maximum allowed amplification. This protects against the Billion Laughs Attack.
- `bla_threshold` (Number) Sets the threshold after which the protection starts. This protects against the Billion Laughs Attack.
- `buffer` (Number) Maximum size of the unparsed buffer (see below).
- `checked_content_types` (List of String) A list of Content-Type values with payloads that must be validated.
- `comment` (Number) Maximum size of comments.
- `document` (Number) Maximum size of the entire document.
- `entity` (Number) Maximum size of entity values in EntityDecl.
- `entityname` (Number) Maximum size of entity names in EntityDecl.
- `entityproperty` (Number) Maximum size of systemId, publicId, or notationName in EntityDecl.
- `localname` (Number) Maximum size of the localname. This applies to tags and attributes.
- `max_attributes` (Number) Maximum number of attributes allowed on a tag, including default ones. Note: If namespace-aware parsing is disabled, then the namespaces definitions are counted as attributes.
- `max_children` (Number) Maximum number of children allowed (Element, Text, Comment, ProcessingInstruction, CDATASection). Note: Adjacent text and CDATA sections are counted as one. For example, text-cdata-text-cdata is one child.
- `max_depth` (Number) Maximum depth of tags. Child elements such as Text or Comments are not counted as another level.
- `max_namespaces` (Number) Maximum number of namespaces defined on a tag. This value is required if parsing is namespace-aware.
- `namespace_aware` (Boolean) If not parsing namespace aware, all prefixes and namespace attributes will be counted as regular attributes and element names, and validated as such.
- `namespaceuri` (Number) Maximum size of the namespace URI. This value is required if parsing is namespace-aware.
- `pidata` (Number) Maximum size of processing instruction data.
- `pitarget` (Number) Maximum size of processing instruction targets.
- `prefix` (Number) Maximum size of the prefix. This applies to tags and attributes. This value is required if parsing is namespace-aware.
- `text` (Number) Maximum text inside tags (counted over all adjacent text/CDATA elements combined).


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_xml_threat_protection.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_xml_threat_protection "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
