---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_consume Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginKafkaConsume Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_consume (Resource)

GatewayPluginKafkaConsume Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_consume" "my_gatewaypluginkafkaconsume" {
  config = {
    authentication = {
      mechanism = "SCRAM-SHA-512"
      password  = "...my_password..."
      strategy  = "sasl"
      tokenauth = true
      user      = "...my_user..."
    }
    auto_offset_reset = "earliest"
    bootstrap_servers = [
      {
        host = "...my_host..."
        port = 27325
      }
    ]
    cluster_name         = "...my_cluster_name..."
    commit_strategy      = "off"
    message_deserializer = "noop"
    mode                 = "websocket"
    schema_registry = {
      confluent = {
        authentication = {
          basic = {
            password = "...my_password..."
            username = "...my_username..."
          }
          mode = "none"
        }
        ssl_verify = false
        ttl        = 1981.8
        url        = "...my_url..."
      }
    }
    security = {
      certificate_id = "...my_certificate_id..."
      ssl            = true
    }
    topics = [
      {
        name = "...my_name..."
        schema_registry = {
          confluent = {
            authentication = {
              basic = {
                password = "...my_password..."
                username = "...my_username..."
              }
              mode = "basic"
            }
            ssl_verify = true
            ttl        = 2977.64
            url        = "...my_url..."
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 0
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "wss"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support tcp and tls.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `bootstrap_servers` (Attributes List) Set of bootstrap brokers in a `{host: host, port: port}` list format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--bootstrap_servers))
- `topics` (Attributes List) The Kafka topics and their configuration you want to consume from. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--topics))

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--authentication))
- `auto_offset_reset` (String) The offset to start from when there is no initial offset in the consumer group. Default: "latest"; must be one of ["earliest", "latest"]
- `cluster_name` (String) An identifier for the Kafka cluster.
- `commit_strategy` (String) The strategy to use for committing offsets. Default: "auto"; must be one of ["auto", "off"]
- `message_deserializer` (String) The deserializer to use for the consumed messages. Default: "noop"; must be one of ["json", "noop"]
- `mode` (String) The mode of operation for the plugin. Default: "http-get"; must be one of ["http-get", "server-sent-events", "websocket"]
- `schema_registry` (Attributes) The plugin-global schema registry configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry))
- `security` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--security))

<a id="nestedatt--config--bootstrap_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.bootstrap_servers`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Not Null
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--config--topics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.topics`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Not Null
- `schema_registry` (Attributes) The plugin-global schema registry configuration. Not Null (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry))

<a id="nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.topics.schema_registry`

Optional:

- `confluent` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry--confluent))

<a id="nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry--confluent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.topics.schema_registry.confluent`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Not Null (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry--confluent--authentication))
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) Set to false to disable SSL certificate verification when connecting to the schema registry. Default: true
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL in seconds for the schema registry cache.
- `url` (String) The URL of the schema registry.

<a id="nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry--confluent--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.topics.schema_registry.confluent.authentication`

Optional:

- `basic` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--basic))
- `mode` (String) Authentication mode to use with the schema registry. Default: "none"; must be one of ["basic", "none"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--topics--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.topics.schema_registry.confluent.authentication.basic`

Optional:

- `password` (String) Not Null
- `username` (String) Not Null






<a id="nestedatt--config--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.authentication`

Optional:

- `mechanism` (String) The SASL authentication mechanism.  Supported options: `PLAIN` or `SCRAM-SHA-256`. must be one of ["PLAIN", "SCRAM-SHA-256", "SCRAM-SHA-512"]
- `password` (String) Password for SASL authentication.
- `strategy` (String) The authentication strategy for the plugin, the only option for the value is `sasl`. must be "sasl"
- `tokenauth` (Boolean) Enable this to indicate `DelegationToken` authentication
- `user` (String) Username for SASL authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry`

Optional:

- `confluent` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent))

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Not Null (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication))
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) Set to false to disable SSL certificate verification when connecting to the schema registry. Default: true
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL in seconds for the schema registry cache.
- `url` (String) The URL of the schema registry.

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.authentication`

Optional:

- `basic` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--basic))
- `mode` (String) Authentication mode to use with the schema registry. Default: "none"; must be one of ["basic", "none"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.authentication.basic`

Optional:

- `password` (String) Not Null
- `username` (String) Not Null





<a id="nestedatt--config--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.security`

Optional:

- `certificate_id` (String) UUID of certificate entity for mTLS authentication.
- `ssl` (Boolean) Enables TLS.



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_consume.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_consume '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
