---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_response_transformer Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiResponseTransformer Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_response_transformer (Resource)

GatewayPluginAiResponseTransformer Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_response_transformer" "my_gatewaypluginairesponsetransformer" {
  config = {
    http_proxy_host  = "...my_http_proxy_host..."
    http_proxy_port  = 51351
    http_timeout     = 8
    https_proxy_host = "...my_https_proxy_host..."
    https_proxy_port = 17075
    https_verify     = false
    llm = {
      auth = {
        allow_override             = false
        aws_access_key_id          = "...my_aws_access_key_id..."
        aws_secret_access_key      = "...my_aws_secret_access_key..."
        azure_client_id            = "...my_azure_client_id..."
        azure_client_secret        = "...my_azure_client_secret..."
        azure_tenant_id            = "...my_azure_tenant_id..."
        azure_use_managed_identity = false
        gcp_service_account_json   = "...my_gcp_service_account_json..."
        gcp_use_service_account    = false
        header_name                = "...my_header_name..."
        header_value               = "...my_header_value..."
        param_location             = "query"
        param_name                 = "...my_param_name..."
        param_value                = "...my_param_value..."
      }
      description = "...my_description..."
      logging = {
        log_payloads   = true
        log_statistics = true
      }
      metadata = {
        key = jsonencode("value")
      }
      model = {
        name = "...my_name..."
        options = {
          anthropic_version   = "...my_anthropic_version..."
          azure_api_version   = "...my_azure_api_version..."
          azure_deployment_id = "...my_azure_deployment_id..."
          azure_instance      = "...my_azure_instance..."
          bedrock = {
            aws_assume_role_arn        = "...my_aws_assume_role_arn..."
            aws_region                 = "...my_aws_region..."
            aws_role_session_name      = "...my_aws_role_session_name..."
            aws_sts_endpoint_url       = "...my_aws_sts_endpoint_url..."
            embeddings_normalize       = false
            performance_config_latency = "...my_performance_config_latency..."
            video_output_s3_uri        = "...my_video_output_s3_uri..."
          }
          cohere = {
            embedding_input_type = "search_document"
            wait_for_model       = false
          }
          dashscope = {
            international = false
          }
          embeddings_dimensions = 4
          gemini = {
            api_endpoint = "...my_api_endpoint..."
            endpoint_id  = "...my_endpoint_id..."
            location_id  = "...my_location_id..."
            project_id   = "...my_project_id..."
          }
          huggingface = {
            use_cache      = true
            wait_for_model = false
          }
          input_cost     = 4.69
          llama2_format  = "ollama"
          max_tokens     = 5
          mistral_format = "openai"
          output_cost    = 4.92
          temperature    = 0.05
          top_k          = 349
          top_p          = 0.36
          upstream_path  = "...my_upstream_path..."
          upstream_url   = "...my_upstream_url..."
        }
        provider = "cohere"
      }
      route_type = "llm/v1/completions"
      weight     = 31016
    }
    max_request_body_size                = 3
    parse_llm_response_json_instructions = true
    prompt                               = "...my_prompt..."
    transformation_extract_pattern       = "...my_transformation_extract_pattern..."
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 6
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `llm` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm))
- `prompt` (String) Use this prompt to tune the LLM system/assistant message for the returning proxy response (from the upstream), adn what response format you are expecting.

Optional:

- `http_proxy_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `http_proxy_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `http_timeout` (Number) Timeout in milliseconds for the AI upstream service. Default: 60000
- `https_proxy_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `https_proxy_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `https_verify` (Boolean) Verify the TLS certificate of the AI upstream service. Default: true
- `max_request_body_size` (Number) max allowed body size allowed to be introspected. 0 means unlimited, but the size of this body will still be limited by Nginx's client_max_body_size. Default: 1048576
- `parse_llm_response_json_instructions` (Boolean) Set true to read specific response format from the LLM, and accordingly set the status code / body / headers that proxy back to the client. You need to engineer your LLM prompt to return the correct format, see plugin docs 'Overview' page for usage instructions. Default: false
- `transformation_extract_pattern` (String) Defines the regular expression that must match to indicate a successful AI transformation at the response phase. The first match will be set as the returning body. If the AI service's response doesn't match this pattern, a failure is returned to the client.

<a id="nestedatt--config--llm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm`

Required:

- `model` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--model))
- `route_type` (String) The model's operation implementation, for this provider. must be one of ["audio/v1/audio/speech", "audio/v1/audio/transcriptions", "audio/v1/audio/translations", "image/v1/images/edits", "image/v1/images/generations", "llm/v1/assistants", "llm/v1/batches", "llm/v1/chat", "llm/v1/completions", "llm/v1/embeddings", "llm/v1/files", "llm/v1/responses", "preserve", "realtime/v1/realtime", "video/v1/videos/generations"]

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--auth))
- `description` (String) The semantic description of the target, required if using semantic load balancing. Specially, setting this to 'CATCHALL' will indicate such target to be used when no other targets match the semantic threshold. Only used by ai-proxy-advanced.
- `logging` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--logging))
- `metadata` (Map of String) For internal use only.
- `weight` (Number) The weight this target gets within the upstream loadbalancer (1-65535). Only used by ai-proxy-advanced. Default: 100

<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.model`

Required:

- `provider` (String) AI provider request format - Kong translates requests to and from the specified backend compatible formats. must be one of ["anthropic", "azure", "bedrock", "cerebras", "cohere", "dashscope", "gemini", "huggingface", "llama2", "mistral", "openai", "xai"]

Optional:

- `name` (String) Model name to execute.
- `options` (Attributes) Key/value settings for the model (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--model--options))

<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--model--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.model.options`

Optional:

- `anthropic_version` (String) Defines the schema/API version, if using Anthropic provider.
- `azure_api_version` (String) 'api-version' for Azure OpenAI instances. Default: "2023-05-15"
- `azure_deployment_id` (String) Deployment ID for Azure OpenAI instances.
- `azure_instance` (String) Instance name for Azure OpenAI hosted models.
- `bedrock` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--bedrock))
- `cohere` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--cohere))
- `dashscope` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--dashscope))
- `embeddings_dimensions` (Number) If using embeddings models, set the number of dimensions to generate.
- `gemini` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--gemini))
- `huggingface` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--huggingface))
- `input_cost` (Number) Defines the cost per 1M tokens in your prompt.
- `llama2_format` (String) If using llama2 provider, select the upstream message format. must be one of ["ollama", "openai", "raw"]
- `max_tokens` (Number) Defines the max_tokens, if using chat or completion models.
- `mistral_format` (String) If using mistral provider, select the upstream message format. must be one of ["ollama", "openai"]
- `output_cost` (Number) Defines the cost per 1M tokens in the output of the AI.
- `temperature` (Number) Defines the matching temperature, if using chat or completion models.
- `top_k` (Number) Defines the top-k most likely tokens, if supported.
- `top_p` (Number) Defines the top-p probability mass, if supported.
- `upstream_path` (String) Manually specify or override the AI operation path, used when e.g. using the 'preserve' route_type.
- `upstream_url` (String) Manually specify or override the full URL to the AI operation endpoints, when calling (self-)hosted models, or for running via a private endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--bedrock"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.model.options.bedrock`

Optional:

- `aws_assume_role_arn` (String) If using AWS providers (Bedrock) you can assume a different role after authentication with the current IAM context is successful.
- `aws_region` (String) If using AWS providers (Bedrock) you can override the `AWS_REGION` environment variable by setting this option.
- `aws_role_session_name` (String) If using AWS providers (Bedrock), set the identifier of the assumed role session.
- `aws_sts_endpoint_url` (String) If using AWS providers (Bedrock), override the STS endpoint URL when assuming a different role.
- `embeddings_normalize` (Boolean) If using AWS providers (Bedrock), set to true to normalize the embeddings. Default: false
- `performance_config_latency` (String) Force the client's performance configuration 'latency' for all requests. Leave empty to let the consumer select the performance configuration.
- `video_output_s3_uri` (String) S3 URI (s3://bucket/prefix) where Bedrock will store generated video files. Required for video generation.


<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--cohere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.model.options.cohere`

Optional:

- `embedding_input_type` (String) The purpose of the input text to calculate embedding vectors. Default: "classification"; must be one of ["classification", "clustering", "image", "search_document", "search_query"]
- `wait_for_model` (Boolean) Wait for the model if it is not ready


<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--dashscope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.model.options.dashscope`

Optional:

- `international` (Boolean) Two Dashscope endpoints are available, and the international endpoint will be used when this is set to `true`.
It is recommended to set this to `true` when using international version of dashscope.
Default: true


<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--gemini"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.model.options.gemini`

Optional:

- `api_endpoint` (String) If running Gemini on Vertex, specify the regional API endpoint (hostname only).
- `endpoint_id` (String) If running Gemini on Vertex Model Garden, specify the endpoint ID.
- `location_id` (String) If running Gemini on Vertex, specify the location ID.
- `project_id` (String) If running Gemini on Vertex, specify the project ID.


<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--model--options--huggingface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.model.options.huggingface`

Optional:

- `use_cache` (Boolean) Use the cache layer on the inference API
- `wait_for_model` (Boolean) Wait for the model if it is not ready




<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.auth`

Optional:

- `allow_override` (Boolean) If enabled, the authorization header or parameter can be overridden in the request by the value configured in the plugin. Default: false
- `aws_access_key_id` (String) Set this if you are using an AWS provider (Bedrock) and you are authenticating using static IAM User credentials. Setting this will override the AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID environment variable for this plugin instance.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String) Set this if you are using an AWS provider (Bedrock) and you are authenticating using static IAM User credentials. Setting this will override the AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY environment variable for this plugin instance.
- `azure_client_id` (String) If azure_use_managed_identity is set to true, and you need to use a different user-assigned identity for this LLM instance, set the client ID.
- `azure_client_secret` (String) If azure_use_managed_identity is set to true, and you need to use a different user-assigned identity for this LLM instance, set the client secret.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) If azure_use_managed_identity is set to true, and you need to use a different user-assigned identity for this LLM instance, set the tenant ID.
- `azure_use_managed_identity` (Boolean) Set true to use the Azure Cloud Managed Identity (or user-assigned identity) to authenticate with Azure-provider models. Default: false
- `gcp_service_account_json` (String) Set this field to the full JSON of the GCP service account to authenticate, if required. If null (and gcp_use_service_account is true), Kong will attempt to read from environment variable `GCP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT`.
- `gcp_use_service_account` (Boolean) Use service account auth for GCP-based providers and models. Default: false
- `header_name` (String) If AI model requires authentication via Authorization or API key header, specify its name here.
- `header_value` (String) Specify the full auth header value for 'header_name', for example 'Bearer key' or just 'key'.
- `param_location` (String) Specify whether the 'param_name' and 'param_value' options go in a query string, or the POST form/JSON body. must be one of ["body", "query"]
- `param_name` (String) If AI model requires authentication via query parameter, specify its name here.
- `param_value` (String) Specify the full parameter value for 'param_name'.


<a id="nestedatt--config--llm--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm.logging`

Optional:

- `log_payloads` (Boolean) If enabled, will log the request and response body into the Kong log plugin(s) output.Furthermore if Opentelemetry instrumentation is enabled the traces will contain this data as well. Default: false
- `log_statistics` (Boolean) If enabled and supported by the driver, will add model usage and token metrics into the Kong log plugin(s) output. Default: false




<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_response_transformer.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_response_transformer
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_response_transformer.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_response_transformer '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
