---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_rate_limiting_advanced Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiRateLimitingAdvanced Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_rate_limiting_advanced (Resource)

GatewayPluginAiRateLimitingAdvanced Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_rate_limiting_advanced" "my_gatewaypluginairatelimitingadvanced" {
  config = {
    dictionary_name      = "...my_dictionary_name..."
    disable_penalty      = false
    error_code           = 8.18
    error_hide_providers = false
    error_message        = "...my_error_message..."
    header_name          = "...my_header_name..."
    hide_client_headers  = false
    identifier           = "credential"
    llm_format           = "gemini"
    llm_providers = [
      {
        limit = [
          1.52
        ]
        name = "huggingface"
        window_size = [
          8.86
        ]
      }
    ]
    namespace = "...my_namespace..."
    path      = "...my_path..."
    redis = {
      cluster_max_redirections = 5
      cluster_nodes = [
        {
          ip   = "...my_ip..."
          port = 36904
        }
      ]
      connect_timeout       = 883187098
      connection_is_proxied = true
      database              = 5
      host                  = "...my_host..."
      keepalive_backlog     = 125882903
      keepalive_pool_size   = 165809619
      password              = "...my_password..."
      port                  = 37236
      read_timeout          = 394887043
      send_timeout          = 590662462
      sentinel_master       = "...my_sentinel_master..."
      sentinel_nodes = [
        {
          host = "...my_host..."
          port = 35255
        }
      ]
      sentinel_password = "...my_sentinel_password..."
      sentinel_role     = "any"
      sentinel_username = "...my_sentinel_username..."
      server_name       = "...my_server_name..."
      ssl               = false
      ssl_verify        = true
      username          = "...my_username..."
    }
    request_prompt_count_function = "...my_request_prompt_count_function..."
    retry_after_jitter_max        = 8.14
    strategy                      = "redis"
    sync_rate                     = 3.98
    tokens_count_strategy         = "prompt_tokens"
    window_type                   = "sliding"
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 6
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "https"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `llm_providers` (Attributes List) The provider config. Takes an array of `name`, `limit` and `window size` values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--llm_providers))

Optional:

- `dictionary_name` (String) The shared dictionary where counters are stored. When the plugin is configured to synchronize counter data externally (that is `config.strategy` is `cluster` or `redis` and `config.sync_rate` isn't `-1`), this dictionary serves as a buffer to populate counters in the data store on each synchronization cycle. Default: "kong_rate_limiting_counters"
- `disable_penalty` (Boolean) If set to `true`, this doesn't count denied requests (status = `429`). If set to `false`, all requests, including denied ones, are counted. This parameter only affects the `sliding` window_type and the request prompt provider. Default: false
- `error_code` (Number) Set a custom error code to return when the rate limit is exceeded. Default: 429
- `error_hide_providers` (Boolean) Optionally hide informative response that would otherwise provide information about the provider in the error message. Default: false
- `error_message` (String) Set a custom error message to return when the rate limit is exceeded. Default: "AI token rate limit exceeded for provider(s): "
- `header_name` (String) A string representing an HTTP header name.
- `hide_client_headers` (Boolean) Optionally hide informative response headers that would otherwise provide information about the current status of limits and counters. Default: false
- `identifier` (String) The type of identifier used to generate the rate limit key. Defines the scope used to increment the rate limiting counters. Can be `ip`, `credential`, `consumer`, `service`, `header`, `path` or `consumer-group`. Note if `identifier` is `consumer-group`, the plugin must be applied on a consumer group entity. Because a consumer may belong to multiple consumer groups, the plugin needs to know explicitly which consumer group to limit the rate. Default: "consumer"; must be one of ["consumer", "consumer-group", "credential", "header", "ip", "path", "service"]
- `llm_format` (String) LLM input and output format and schema to use. Default: "openai"; must be one of ["bedrock", "cohere", "gemini", "huggingface", "openai"]
- `namespace` (String) The rate limiting library namespace to use for this plugin instance. Counter data and sync configuration is isolated in each namespace. NOTE: For the plugin instances sharing the same namespace, all the configurations that are required for synchronizing counters, e.g. `strategy`, `redis`, `sync_rate`, `dictionary_name`, need to be the same.
- `path` (String) A string representing a URL path, such as /path/to/resource. Must start with a forward slash (/) and must not contain empty segments (i.e., two consecutive forward slashes).
- `redis` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis))
- `request_prompt_count_function` (String) If defined, it use custom function to count requests for the request prompt provider
- `retry_after_jitter_max` (Number) The upper bound of a jitter (random delay) in seconds to be added to the `Retry-After` header of denied requests (status = `429`) in order to prevent all the clients from coming back at the same time. The lower bound of the jitter is `0`; in this case, the `Retry-After` header is equal to the `RateLimit-Reset` header. Default: 0
- `strategy` (String) The rate-limiting strategy to use for retrieving and incrementing the limits. Available values are: `local` and `cluster`. Default: "local"; must be one of ["cluster", "local", "redis"]
- `sync_rate` (Number) How often to sync counter data to the central data store. A value of 0 results in synchronous behavior; a value of -1 ignores sync behavior entirely and only stores counters in node memory. A value greater than 0 will sync the counters in the specified number of seconds. The minimum allowed interval is 0.02 seconds (20ms).
- `tokens_count_strategy` (String) What tokens to use for cost calculation. Available values are: `total_tokens` `prompt_tokens`, `completion_tokens` or `cost`. Default: "total_tokens"; must be one of ["completion_tokens", "cost", "prompt_tokens", "total_tokens"]
- `window_type` (String) Sets the time window type to either `sliding` (default) or `fixed`. Sliding windows apply the rate limiting logic while taking into account previous hit rates (from the window that immediately precedes the current) using a dynamic weight. Fixed windows consist of buckets that are statically assigned to a definitive time range, each request is mapped to only one fixed window based on its timestamp and will affect only that window's counters. Default: "sliding"; must be one of ["fixed", "sliding"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--llm_providers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.llm_providers`

Optional:

- `limit` (List of Number) One or more requests-per-window limits to apply. There must be a matching number of window limits and sizes specified. Not Null
- `name` (String) The LLM provider to which the rate limit applies. Not Null; must be one of ["anthropic", "azure", "bedrock", "cohere", "gemini", "huggingface", "llama2", "mistral", "openai", "requestPrompt"]
- `window_size` (List of Number) One or more window sizes to apply a limit to (defined in seconds). There must be a matching number of window limits and sizes specified. Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis`

Optional:

- `cluster_max_redirections` (Number) Maximum retry attempts for redirection. Default: 5
- `cluster_nodes` (Attributes List) Cluster addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Cluster. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `connection_is_proxied` (Boolean) If the connection to Redis is proxied (e.g. Envoy), set it `true`. Set the `host` and `port` to point to the proxy address. Default: false
- `database` (Number) Database to use for the Redis connection when using the `redis` strategy. Default: 0
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `keepalive_backlog` (Number) Limits the total number of opened connections for a pool. If the connection pool is full, connection queues above the limit go into the backlog queue. If the backlog queue is full, subsequent connect operations fail and return `nil`. Queued operations (subject to set timeouts) resume once the number of connections in the pool is less than `keepalive_pool_size`. If latency is high or throughput is low, try increasing this value. Empirically, this value is larger than `keepalive_pool_size`.
- `keepalive_pool_size` (Number) The size limit for every cosocket connection pool associated with every remote server, per worker process. If neither `keepalive_pool_size` nor `keepalive_backlog` is specified, no pool is created. If `keepalive_pool_size` isn't specified but `keepalive_backlog` is specified, then the pool uses the default value. Try to increase (e.g. 512) this value if latency is high or throughput is low. Default: 256
- `password` (String) Password to use for Redis connections. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379
- `read_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `send_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `sentinel_master` (String) Sentinel master to use for Redis connections. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
- `sentinel_nodes` (Attributes List) Sentinel node addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Sentinel. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes))
- `sentinel_password` (String) Sentinel password to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis Sentinels.
- `sentinel_role` (String) Sentinel role to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel. must be one of ["any", "master", "slave"]
- `sentinel_username` (String) Sentinel username to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.2.0+.
- `server_name` (String) A string representing an SNI (server name indication) value for TLS.
- `ssl` (Boolean) If set to true, uses SSL to connect to Redis. Default: false
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) If set to true, verifies the validity of the server SSL certificate. If setting this parameter, also configure `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` in `kong.conf` to specify the CA (or server) certificate used by your Redis server. You may also need to configure `lua_ssl_verify_depth` accordingly. Default: false
- `username` (String) Username to use for Redis connections. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.0.0+. To be compatible with Redis v5.x.y, you can set it to `default`.

<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.cluster_nodes`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.sentinel_nodes`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379




<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_rate_limiting_advanced.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_rate_limiting_advanced
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_rate_limiting_advanced.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_rate_limiting_advanced '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
