---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_control_plane Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayControlPlane Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_control_plane (Resource)

GatewayControlPlane Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_control_plane" "my_gatewaycontrolplane" {
  auth_type     = "pinned_client_certs"
  cloud_gateway = false
  cluster_type  = "CLUSTER_TYPE_CONTROL_PLANE"
  description   = "A test control plane for exploration."
  name          = "Test Control Plane"
  proxy_urls = [
    {
      host     = "...my_host..."
      port     = 6
      protocol = "...my_protocol..."
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the control plane.

### Optional

- `auth_type` (String) The auth type value of the cluster associated with the Runtime Group. must be one of ["pinned_client_certs", "pki_client_certs"]
- `cloud_gateway` (Boolean) Whether this control-plane can be used for cloud-gateways. Requires replacement if changed.
- `cluster_type` (String) The ClusterType value of the cluster associated with the Control Plane. Requires replacement if changed. ; must be one of ["CLUSTER_TYPE_CONTROL_PLANE", "CLUSTER_TYPE_HYBRID", "CLUSTER_TYPE_K8S_INGRESS_CONTROLLER", "CLUSTER_TYPE_CONTROL_PLANE_GROUP", "CLUSTER_TYPE_SERVERLESS"]
- `description` (String) The description of the control plane in Konnect.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `proxy_urls` (Attributes List) Array of proxy URLs associated with reaching the data-planes connected to a control-plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--proxy_urls))

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) CP configuration object for related access endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `id` (String) The control plane ID

<a id="nestedatt--proxy_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy_urls`

Required:

- `host` (String) Hostname of the proxy URL.
- `port` (Number) Port of the proxy URL.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the proxy URL.


<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `control_plane_endpoint` (String) Control Plane Endpoint.
- `telemetry_endpoint` (String) Telemetry Endpoint.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_control_plane.my_konnect_gateway_control_plane "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
```
