---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache_advanced Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginProxyCacheAdvanced Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache_advanced (Resource)

GatewayPluginProxyCacheAdvanced Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache_advanced" "my_gatewaypluginproxycacheadvanced" {
  config = {
    bypass_on_err = true
    cache_control = true
    cache_ttl     = 5
    content_type = [
      "..."
    ]
    ignore_uri_case = false
    memory = {
      dictionary_name = "...my_dictionary_name..."
    }
    redis = {
      cluster_max_redirections = 7
      cluster_nodes = [
        {
          ip   = "...my_ip..."
          port = 56343
        }
      ]
      connect_timeout       = 883264270
      connection_is_proxied = false
      database              = 1
      host                  = "...my_host..."
      keepalive_backlog     = 578209368
      keepalive_pool_size   = 1307431457
      password              = "...my_password..."
      port                  = 54281
      read_timeout          = 350076819
      send_timeout          = 2140614627
      sentinel_master       = "...my_sentinel_master..."
      sentinel_nodes = [
        {
          host = "...my_host..."
          port = 8222
        }
      ]
      sentinel_password = "...my_sentinel_password..."
      sentinel_role     = "any"
      sentinel_username = "...my_sentinel_username..."
      server_name       = "...my_server_name..."
      ssl               = false
      ssl_verify        = true
      username          = "...my_username..."
    }
    request_method = [
      "GET"
    ]
    response_code = [
      269
    ]
    response_headers = {
      age            = false
      x_cache_key    = true
      x_cache_status = true
    }
    storage_ttl = 0
    strategy    = "redis"
    vary_headers = [
      "..."
    ]
    vary_query_params = [
      "..."
    ]
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 8
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 6
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `bypass_on_err` (Boolean) Unhandled errors while trying to retrieve a cache entry (such as redis down) are resolved with `Bypass`, with the request going upstream.
- `cache_control` (Boolean) When enabled, respect the Cache-Control behaviors defined in RFC7234.
- `cache_ttl` (Number) TTL in seconds of cache entities.
- `content_type` (List of String) Upstream response content types considered cacheable. The plugin performs an **exact match** against each specified value; for example, if the upstream is expected to respond with a `application/json; charset=utf-8` content-type, the plugin configuration must contain said value or a `Bypass` cache status is returned.
- `ignore_uri_case` (Boolean) Determines whether to treat URIs as case sensitive. By default, case sensitivity is enabled. If set to true, requests are cached while ignoring case sensitivity in the URI.
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--memory))
- `redis` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis))
- `request_method` (List of String) Downstream request methods considered cacheable. Available options: `HEAD`, `GET`, `POST`, `PATCH`, `PUT`.
- `response_code` (List of Number) Upstream response status code considered cacheable. The integers must be a value between 100 and 900.
- `response_headers` (Attributes) Caching related diagnostic headers that should be included in cached responses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--response_headers))
- `storage_ttl` (Number) Number of seconds to keep resources in the storage backend. This value is independent of `cache_ttl` or resource TTLs defined by Cache-Control behaviors.
- `strategy` (String) The backing data store in which to hold cache entities. Accepted values are: `memory` and `redis`. must be one of ["memory", "redis"]
- `vary_headers` (List of String) Relevant headers considered for the cache key. If undefined, none of the headers are taken into consideration.
- `vary_query_params` (List of String) Relevant query parameters considered for the cache key. If undefined, all params are taken into consideration.

<a id="nestedatt--config--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.memory`

Optional:

- `dictionary_name` (String) The name of the shared dictionary in which to hold cache entities when the memory strategy is selected. Note that this dictionary currently must be defined manually in the Kong Nginx template.


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis`

Optional:

- `cluster_max_redirections` (Number) Maximum retry attempts for redirection.
- `cluster_nodes` (Attributes List) Cluster addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Cluster. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `connection_is_proxied` (Boolean) If the connection to Redis is proxied (e.g. Envoy), set it `true`. Set the `host` and `port` to point to the proxy address.
- `database` (Number) Database to use for the Redis connection when using the `redis` strategy
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `keepalive_backlog` (Number) Limits the total number of opened connections for a pool. If the connection pool is full, connection queues above the limit go into the backlog queue. If the backlog queue is full, subsequent connect operations fail and return `nil`. Queued operations (subject to set timeouts) resume once the number of connections in the pool is less than `keepalive_pool_size`. If latency is high or throughput is low, try increasing this value. Empirically, this value is larger than `keepalive_pool_size`.
- `keepalive_pool_size` (Number) The size limit for every cosocket connection pool associated with every remote server, per worker process. If neither `keepalive_pool_size` nor `keepalive_backlog` is specified, no pool is created. If `keepalive_pool_size` isn't specified but `keepalive_backlog` is specified, then the pool uses the default value. Try to increase (e.g. 512) this value if latency is high or throughput is low.
- `password` (String) Password to use for Redis connections. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `read_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `send_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `sentinel_master` (String) Sentinel master to use for Redis connections. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
- `sentinel_nodes` (Attributes List) Sentinel node addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Sentinel. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes))
- `sentinel_password` (String) Sentinel password to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis Sentinels.
- `sentinel_role` (String) Sentinel role to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel. must be one of ["any", "master", "slave"]
- `sentinel_username` (String) Sentinel username to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.2.0+.
- `server_name` (String) A string representing an SNI (server name indication) value for TLS.
- `ssl` (Boolean) If set to true, uses SSL to connect to Redis.
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) If set to true, verifies the validity of the server SSL certificate. If setting this parameter, also configure `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` in `kong.conf` to specify the CA (or server) certificate used by your Redis server. You may also need to configure `lua_ssl_verify_depth` accordingly.
- `username` (String) Username to use for Redis connections. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.0.0+. To be compatible with Redis v5.x.y, you can set it to `default`.

<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.cluster_nodes`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.sentinel_nodes`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.



<a id="nestedatt--config--response_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.response_headers`

Optional:

- `age` (Boolean)
- `x_cache_key` (Boolean)
- `x_cache_status` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache_advanced.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache_advanced "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
