---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ip_restriction Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginIPRestriction Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ip_restriction (Resource)

GatewayPluginIPRestriction Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ip_restriction" "my_gatewaypluginiprestriction" {
  config = {
    allow = [
      "..."
    ]
    deny = [
      "..."
    ]
    message = "...my_message..."
    status  = 3.69
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 0
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "tls"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 9
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allow` (List of String) List of IPs or CIDR ranges to allow. One of `config.allow` or `config.deny` must be specified.
- `deny` (List of String) List of IPs or CIDR ranges to deny. One of `config.allow` or `config.deny` must be specified.
- `message` (String) The message to send as a response body to rejected requests.
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status of the requests that will be rejected by the plugin.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ip_restriction.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ip_restriction "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
