---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_upstream Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginKafkaUpstream Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_upstream (Resource)

GatewayPluginKafkaUpstream Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_upstream" "my_gatewaypluginkafkaupstream" {
  config = {
    allowed_topics = [
      "..."
    ]
    authentication = {
      mechanism = "SCRAM-SHA-512"
      password  = "...my_password..."
      strategy  = "sasl"
      tokenauth = false
      user      = "...my_user..."
    }
    bootstrap_servers = [
      {
        host = "...my_host..."
        port = 3969
      }
    ]
    cluster_name      = "...my_cluster_name..."
    forward_body      = false
    forward_headers   = true
    forward_method    = true
    forward_uri       = false
    keepalive         = 3
    keepalive_enabled = true
    key_query_arg     = "...my_key_query_arg..."
    message_by_lua_functions = [
      "..."
    ]
    producer_async                                     = true
    producer_async_buffering_limits_messages_in_memory = 5
    producer_async_flush_timeout                       = 5
    producer_request_acks                              = 1
    producer_request_limits_bytes_per_request          = 1
    producer_request_limits_messages_per_request       = 9
    producer_request_retries_backoff_timeout           = 4
    producer_request_retries_max_attempts              = 5
    producer_request_timeout                           = 10
    schema_registry = {
      confluent = {
        authentication = {
          basic = {
            password = "...my_password..."
            username = "...my_username..."
          }
          mode = "none"
          oauth2 = {
            audience = [
              "..."
            ]
            client_id     = "...my_client_id..."
            client_secret = "...my_client_secret..."
            grant_type    = "client_credentials"
            password      = "...my_password..."
            scopes = [
              "..."
            ]
            token_endpoint = "...my_token_endpoint..."
            token_headers = {
              key = jsonencode("value")
            }
            token_post_args = {
              key = jsonencode("value")
            }
            username = "...my_username..."
          }
          oauth2_client = {
            auth_method               = "client_secret_jwt"
            client_secret_jwt_alg     = "HS512"
            http_proxy                = "...my_http_proxy..."
            http_proxy_authorization  = "...my_http_proxy_authorization..."
            http_version              = 7.51
            https_proxy               = "...my_https_proxy..."
            https_proxy_authorization = "...my_https_proxy_authorization..."
            keep_alive                = true
            no_proxy                  = "...my_no_proxy..."
            ssl_verify                = false
            timeout                   = 990649997
          }
        }
        key_schema = {
          schema_version = "...my_schema_version..."
          subject_name   = "...my_subject_name..."
        }
        ssl_verify = true
        ttl        = 1898.36
        url        = "...my_url..."
        value_schema = {
          schema_version = "...my_schema_version..."
          subject_name   = "...my_subject_name..."
        }
      }
    }
    security = {
      certificate_id = "...my_certificate_id..."
      ssl            = false
    }
    timeout          = 0
    topic            = "...my_topic..."
    topics_query_arg = "...my_topics_query_arg..."
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 10
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `topic` (String) The default Kafka topic to publish to if the query parameter defined in the `topics_query_arg` does not exist in the request

Optional:

- `allowed_topics` (List of String) The list of allowed topic names to which messages can be sent. The default topic configured in the `topic` field is always allowed, regardless of its inclusion in `allowed_topics`.
- `authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--authentication))
- `bootstrap_servers` (Attributes List) Set of bootstrap brokers in a `{host: host, port: port}` list format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--bootstrap_servers))
- `cluster_name` (String) An identifier for the Kafka cluster. By default, this field generates a random string. You can also set your own custom cluster identifier.  If more than one Kafka plugin is configured without a `cluster_name` (that is, if the default autogenerated value is removed), these plugins will use the same producer, and by extension, the same cluster. Logs will be sent to the leader of the cluster.
- `forward_body` (Boolean) Include the request body in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`. Default: true
- `forward_headers` (Boolean) Include the request headers in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`. Default: false
- `forward_method` (Boolean) Include the request method in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`. Default: false
- `forward_uri` (Boolean) Include the request URI and URI arguments (as in, query arguments) in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`. Default: false
- `keepalive` (Number) Keepalive timeout in milliseconds. Default: 60000
- `keepalive_enabled` (Boolean) Default: false
- `key_query_arg` (String) The request query parameter name that contains the Kafka message key. If specified, messages with the same key will be sent to the same Kafka partition, ensuring consistent ordering.
- `message_by_lua_functions` (List of String) The Lua functions that manipulates the message being sent to the Kafka topic.
- `producer_async` (Boolean) Flag to enable asynchronous mode. Default: true
- `producer_async_buffering_limits_messages_in_memory` (Number) Maximum number of messages that can be buffered in memory in asynchronous mode. Default: 50000
- `producer_async_flush_timeout` (Number) Maximum time interval in milliseconds between buffer flushes in asynchronous mode. Default: 1000
- `producer_request_acks` (Number) The number of acknowledgments the producer requires the leader to have received before considering a request complete. Allowed values: 0 for no acknowledgments; 1 for only the leader; and -1 for the full ISR (In-Sync Replica set). Default: 1; must be one of ["-1", "0", "1"]
- `producer_request_limits_bytes_per_request` (Number) Maximum size of a Produce request in bytes. Default: 1048576
- `producer_request_limits_messages_per_request` (Number) Maximum number of messages to include into a single producer request. Default: 200
- `producer_request_retries_backoff_timeout` (Number) Backoff interval between retry attempts in milliseconds. Default: 100
- `producer_request_retries_max_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of retry attempts per single Produce request. Default: 10
- `producer_request_timeout` (Number) Time to wait for a Produce response in milliseconds. Default: 2000
- `schema_registry` (Attributes) The plugin-global schema registry configuration. This can be overwritten by the topic configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry))
- `security` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--security))
- `timeout` (Number) Socket timeout in milliseconds. Default: 10000
- `topics_query_arg` (String) The request query parameter name that contains the topics to publish to

<a id="nestedatt--config--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.authentication`

Optional:

- `mechanism` (String) The SASL authentication mechanism.  Supported options: `PLAIN`, `SCRAM-SHA-256`, or `SCRAM-SHA-512`. must be one of ["PLAIN", "SCRAM-SHA-256", "SCRAM-SHA-512"]
- `password` (String) Password for SASL authentication.
- `strategy` (String) The authentication strategy for the plugin, the only option for the value is `sasl`. must be "sasl"
- `tokenauth` (Boolean) Enable this to indicate `DelegationToken` authentication.
- `user` (String) Username for SASL authentication.


<a id="nestedatt--config--bootstrap_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.bootstrap_servers`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Not Null
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry`

Optional:

- `confluent` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent))

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication))
- `key_schema` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--key_schema))
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) Set to false to disable SSL certificate verification when connecting to the schema registry. Default: true
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL in seconds for the schema registry cache.
- `url` (String) The URL of the schema registry.
- `value_schema` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--value_schema))

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.authentication`

Optional:

- `basic` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--basic))
- `mode` (String) Authentication mode to use with the schema registry. Default: "none"; must be one of ["basic", "none", "oauth2"]
- `oauth2` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--oauth2))
- `oauth2_client` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--oauth2_client))

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String)
- `username` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--oauth2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.authentication.oauth2`

Required:

- `token_endpoint` (String) The token endpoint URI.

Optional:

- `audience` (List of String) List of audiences passed to the IdP when obtaining a new token. Default: []
- `client_id` (String) The client ID for the application registration in the IdP.
- `client_secret` (String) The client secret for the application registration in the IdP.
- `grant_type` (String) The OAuth grant type to be used. Default: "client_credentials"; must be one of ["client_credentials", "password"]
- `password` (String) The password to use if `config.oauth.grant_type` is set to `password`.
- `scopes` (List of String) List of scopes to request from the IdP when obtaining a new token. Default: ["openid"]
- `token_headers` (Map of String) Extra headers to be passed in the token endpoint request.
- `token_post_args` (Map of String) Extra post arguments to be passed in the token endpoint request.
- `username` (String) The username to use if `config.oauth.grant_type` is set to `password`.


<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--authentication--oauth2_client"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.authentication.oauth2_client`

Optional:

- `auth_method` (String) The authentication method used in client requests to the IdP. Supported values are: `client_secret_basic` to send `client_id` and `client_secret` in the `Authorization: Basic` header, `client_secret_post` to send `client_id` and `client_secret` as part of the request body, or `client_secret_jwt` to send a JWT signed with the `client_secret` using the client assertion as part of the body. Default: "client_secret_post"; must be one of ["client_secret_basic", "client_secret_jwt", "client_secret_post", "none"]
- `client_secret_jwt_alg` (String) The algorithm to use with JWT when using `client_secret_jwt` authentication. Default: "HS512"; must be one of ["HS256", "HS512"]
- `http_proxy` (String) The proxy to use when making HTTP requests to the IdP.
- `http_proxy_authorization` (String) The `Proxy-Authorization` header value to be used with `http_proxy`.
- `http_version` (Number) The HTTP version used for requests made by this plugin. Supported values: `1.1` for HTTP 1.1 and `1.0` for HTTP 1.0. Default: 1.1
- `https_proxy` (String) The proxy to use when making HTTPS requests to the IdP.
- `https_proxy_authorization` (String) The `Proxy-Authorization` header value to be used with `https_proxy`.
- `keep_alive` (Boolean) Whether to use keepalive connections to the IdP. Default: true
- `no_proxy` (String) A comma-separated list of hosts that should not be proxied.
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) Whether to verify the certificate presented by the IdP when using HTTPS. Default: false
- `timeout` (Number) Network I/O timeout for requests to the IdP in milliseconds. Default: 10000



<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--key_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.key_schema`

Optional:

- `schema_version` (String) The schema version to use for serialization/deserialization. Use 'latest' to always fetch the most recent version.
- `subject_name` (String) The name of the subject


<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--confluent--value_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.confluent.value_schema`

Optional:

- `schema_version` (String) The schema version to use for serialization/deserialization. Use 'latest' to always fetch the most recent version.
- `subject_name` (String) The name of the subject




<a id="nestedatt--config--security"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.security`

Optional:

- `certificate_id` (String) UUID of certificate entity for mTLS authentication.
- `ssl` (Boolean) Enables TLS.



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_upstream.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_upstream
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_upstream.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_kafka_upstream '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
