---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_confluent Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginConfluent Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_confluent (Resource)

GatewayPluginConfluent Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_confluent" "my_gatewaypluginconfluent" {
  config = {
    allowed_topics = [
      "..."
    ]
    bootstrap_servers = [
      {
        host = "...my_host..."
        port = 53037
      }
    ]
    cluster_api_key            = "...my_cluster_api_key..."
    cluster_api_secret         = "...my_cluster_api_secret..."
    cluster_name               = "...my_cluster_name..."
    confluent_cloud_api_key    = "...my_confluent_cloud_api_key..."
    confluent_cloud_api_secret = "...my_confluent_cloud_api_secret..."
    forward_body               = false
    forward_headers            = false
    forward_method             = false
    forward_uri                = true
    keepalive                  = 3
    keepalive_enabled          = true
    message_by_lua_functions = [
      "..."
    ]
    producer_async                                     = false
    producer_async_buffering_limits_messages_in_memory = 9
    producer_async_flush_timeout                       = 1
    producer_request_acks                              = 0
    producer_request_limits_bytes_per_request          = 7
    producer_request_limits_messages_per_request       = 6
    producer_request_retries_backoff_timeout           = 4
    producer_request_retries_max_attempts              = 2
    producer_request_timeout                           = 1
    timeout                                            = 0
    topic                                              = "...my_topic..."
    topics_query_arg                                   = "...my_topics_query_arg..."
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 0
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "http"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allowed_topics` (List of String) The list of allowed topic names to which messages can be sent. The default topic configured in the `topic` field is always allowed, regardless of its inclusion in `allowed_topics`.
- `bootstrap_servers` (Attributes List) Set of bootstrap brokers in a `{host: host, port: port}` list format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--bootstrap_servers))
- `cluster_api_key` (String) Username/Apikey for SASL authentication.
- `cluster_api_secret` (String) Password/ApiSecret for SASL authentication.
- `cluster_name` (String) An identifier for the Kafka cluster. By default, this field generates a random string. You can also set your own custom cluster identifier.  If more than one Kafka plugin is configured without a `cluster_name` (that is, if the default autogenerated value is removed), these plugins will use the same producer, and by extension, the same cluster. Logs will be sent to the leader of the cluster.
- `confluent_cloud_api_key` (String) Apikey for authentication with Confluent Cloud. This allows for management tasks such as creating topics, ACLs, etc.
- `confluent_cloud_api_secret` (String) The corresponding secret for the Confluent Cloud API key.
- `forward_body` (Boolean) Include the request body in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`.
- `forward_headers` (Boolean) Include the request headers in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`.
- `forward_method` (Boolean) Include the request method in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`.
- `forward_uri` (Boolean) Include the request URI and URI arguments (as in, query arguments) in the message. At least one of these must be true: `forward_method`, `forward_uri`, `forward_headers`, `forward_body`.
- `keepalive` (Number) Keepalive timeout in milliseconds.
- `keepalive_enabled` (Boolean)
- `message_by_lua_functions` (List of String) The Lua functions that manipulates the message being sent to the Kafka topic.
- `producer_async` (Boolean) Flag to enable asynchronous mode.
- `producer_async_buffering_limits_messages_in_memory` (Number) Maximum number of messages that can be buffered in memory in asynchronous mode.
- `producer_async_flush_timeout` (Number) Maximum time interval in milliseconds between buffer flushes in asynchronous mode.
- `producer_request_acks` (Number) The number of acknowledgments the producer requires the leader to have received before considering a request complete. Allowed values: 0 for no acknowledgments; 1 for only the leader; and -1 for the full ISR (In-Sync Replica set). must be one of ["-1", "0", "1"]
- `producer_request_limits_bytes_per_request` (Number) Maximum size of a Produce request in bytes.
- `producer_request_limits_messages_per_request` (Number) Maximum number of messages to include into a single producer request.
- `producer_request_retries_backoff_timeout` (Number) Backoff interval between retry attempts in milliseconds.
- `producer_request_retries_max_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of retry attempts per single Produce request.
- `producer_request_timeout` (Number) Time to wait for a Produce response in milliseconds.
- `timeout` (Number) Socket timeout in milliseconds.
- `topic` (String) The default Kafka topic to publish to if the query parameter defined in the `topics_query_arg` does not exist in the request
- `topics_query_arg` (String) The request query parameter name that contains the topics to publish to

<a id="nestedatt--config--bootstrap_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.bootstrap_servers`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Not Null
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_confluent.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_confluent '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
