---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_key_auth_enc Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginKeyAuthEnc Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_key_auth_enc (Resource)

GatewayPluginKeyAuthEnc Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_key_auth_enc" "my_gatewaypluginkeyauthenc" {
  config = {
    anonymous        = "...my_anonymous..."
    hide_credentials = false
    key_in_body      = false
    key_in_header    = false
    key_in_query     = false
    key_names = [
      "..."
    ]
    realm            = "...my_realm..."
    run_on_preflight = true
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 7
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "http"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support tcp and tls.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `anonymous` (String) An optional string (consumer UUID or username) value to use as an “anonymous” consumer if authentication fails. If empty (default null), the request will fail with an authentication failure `4xx`. Note that this value must refer to the consumer `id` or `username` attribute, and **not** its `custom_id`.
- `hide_credentials` (Boolean) An optional boolean value telling the plugin to show or hide the credential from the upstream service. If `true`, the plugin strips the credential from the request (i.e., the header, query string, or request body containing the key) before proxying it.
- `key_in_body` (Boolean) If enabled, the plugin reads the request body (if said request has one and its MIME type is supported) and tries to find the key in it. Supported MIME types: `application/www-form-urlencoded`, `application/json`, and `multipart/form-data`.
- `key_in_header` (Boolean) If enabled (default), the plugin reads the request header and tries to find the key in it.
- `key_in_query` (Boolean) If enabled (default), the plugin reads the query parameter in the request and tries to find the key in it.
- `key_names` (List of String) Describes an array of parameter names where the plugin will look for a key. The client must send the authentication key in one of those key names, and the plugin will try to read the credential from a header, request body, or query string parameter with the same name.  Key names may only contain [a-z], [A-Z], [0-9], [_] underscore, and [-] hyphen.
- `realm` (String) When authentication fails the plugin sends `WWW-Authenticate` header with `realm` attribute value.
- `run_on_preflight` (Boolean) A boolean value that indicates whether the plugin should run (and try to authenticate) on `OPTIONS` preflight requests. If set to `false`, then `OPTIONS` requests are always allowed.


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_key_auth_enc.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_key_auth_enc '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
