---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_lakera_guard Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiLakeraGuard Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_lakera_guard (Resource)

GatewayPluginAiLakeraGuard Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_lakera_guard" "my_gatewaypluginailakeraguard" {
  config = {
    api_key                   = "...my_api_key..."
    guarding_mode             = "INPUT"
    lakera_service_url        = "...my_lakera_service_url..."
    project_id                = "...my_project_id..."
    request_failure_message   = "...my_request_failure_message..."
    response_buffer_size      = 9.27
    response_failure_message  = "...my_response_failure_message..."
    reveal_failure_categories = true
    stop_on_error             = true
    text_source               = "last_message"
    timeout                   = 4.57
    verify_ssl                = false
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 5
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 6
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String) API key for the Lakera Guard subscription.
- `guarding_mode` (String) The guardrail mode to use for the request. Default: "INPUT"; must be one of ["BOTH", "INPUT", "OUTPUT"]
- `lakera_service_url` (String) The guard-operation URL of the Lakera Guard service. Defaults to the SaaS /v2/guard endpoint. It can be set to a locally hosted instance of Lakera Guard. Default: "https://api.lakera.ai/v2/guard"
- `project_id` (String) Project ID to apply filters from. If null, it will use the subscription's default project.
- `request_failure_message` (String) The message to return when a failure occurs on the request phase. Default: "Request was filtered by Lakera Guard"
- `response_buffer_size` (Number) The amount of bytes receiving from upstream to be buffered before sending to the Lakera Guard service. This only applies to the response content guard. Default: 100
- `response_failure_message` (String) The message to return when a failure occurs on the response phase. Default: "Response was filtered by Lakera Guard"
- `reveal_failure_categories` (Boolean) Whether to reveal failure categories in the response to the caller. They will always be written to the gateway logs, even if set to false. Default: false
- `stop_on_error` (Boolean) Stop processing if an error occurs. Default: true
- `text_source` (String) Select where to pick the 'text' for the Lakera Guard request (when text/generation is selected). Default: "concatenate_all_content"; must be one of ["concatenate_all_content", "concatenate_user_content", "last_message"]
- `timeout` (Number) Connection timeout with the Lakera Guard service. Default: 10000
- `verify_ssl` (Boolean) Whether to verify the SSL certificate of the configured Lakera Guard endpoint. Default: true


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_lakera_guard.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_lakera_guard
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_lakera_guard.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_lakera_guard '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
