---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_target Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayTarget Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_target (Resource)

GatewayTarget Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_target" "my_gatewaytarget" {
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 2.48
  id               = "...my_id..."
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  target     = "...my_target..."
  updated_at = 6.8
  upstream = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  upstream_id = "5a078780-5d4c-4aae-984a-bdc6f52113d8"
  weight      = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.
- `upstream_id` (String) ID or target of the Target to lookup. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created. Requires replacement if changed.
- `id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Target for grouping and filtering. Requires replacement if changed.
- `target` (String) The target address (ip or hostname) and port. If the hostname resolves to an SRV record, the `port` value will be overridden by the value from the DNS record. Requires replacement if changed.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated. Requires replacement if changed.
- `upstream` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream))
- `weight` (Number) The weight this target gets within the upstream loadbalancer (`0`-`65535`). If the hostname resolves to an SRV record, the `weight` value will be overridden by the value from the DNS record. Requires replacement if changed.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_target.my_konnect_gateway_target "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"id\": \"5a078780-5d4c-4aae-984a-bdc6f52113d8\",  \"upstream_id\": \"5a078780-5d4c-4aae-984a-bdc6f52113d8\"}"
```
