---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_datadog Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginDatadog Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_datadog (Resource)

GatewayPluginDatadog Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_datadog" "my_gatewayplugindatadog" {
  config = {
    consumer_tag  = "...my_consumer_tag..."
    flush_timeout = 5.18
    host          = "...my_host..."
    metrics = [
      {
        consumer_identifier = "username"
        name                = "request_size"
        sample_rate         = 0.12
        stat_type           = "set"
        tags = [
          "..."
        ]
      }
    ]
    port   = 19191
    prefix = "...my_prefix..."
    queue = {
      concurrency_limit    = 1
      initial_retry_delay  = 632515.49
      max_batch_size       = 689907
      max_bytes            = 2
      max_coalescing_delay = 645.74
      max_entries          = 470545
      max_retry_delay      = 272290.78
      max_retry_time       = 9.63
    }
    queue_size       = 10
    retry_count      = 2
    service_name_tag = "...my_service_name_tag..."
    status_tag       = "...my_status_tag..."
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 5
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "ws"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `consumer_tag` (String) String to be attached as tag of the consumer.
- `flush_timeout` (Number) Optional time in seconds. If `queue_size` > 1, this is the max idle time before sending a log with less than `queue_size` records.
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `metrics` (Attributes List) List of metrics to be logged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--metrics))
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `prefix` (String) String to be attached as a prefix to a metric's name.
- `queue` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--queue))
- `queue_size` (Number) Maximum number of log entries to be sent on each message to the upstream server.
- `retry_count` (Number) Number of times to retry when sending data to the upstream server.
- `service_name_tag` (String) String to be attached as the name of the service.
- `status_tag` (String) String to be attached as the tag of the HTTP status.

<a id="nestedatt--config--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.metrics`

Optional:

- `consumer_identifier` (String) Authenticated user detail. must be one of ["consumer_id", "custom_id", "username"]
- `name` (String) Datadog metric’s name. Not Null; must be one of ["kong_latency", "latency", "request_count", "request_size", "response_size", "upstream_latency"]
- `sample_rate` (Number) Sampling rate
- `stat_type` (String) Determines what sort of event the metric represents. Not Null; must be one of ["counter", "distribution", "gauge", "histogram", "meter", "set", "timer"]
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags


<a id="nestedatt--config--queue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.queue`

Optional:

- `concurrency_limit` (Number) The number of of queue delivery timers. -1 indicates unlimited. must be one of ["-1", "1"]
- `initial_retry_delay` (Number) Time in seconds before the initial retry is made for a failing batch.
- `max_batch_size` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be processed at a time.
- `max_bytes` (Number) Maximum number of bytes that can be waiting on a queue, requires string content.
- `max_coalescing_delay` (Number) Maximum number of (fractional) seconds to elapse after the first entry was queued before the queue starts calling the handler.
- `max_entries` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be waiting on the queue.
- `max_retry_delay` (Number) Maximum time in seconds between retries, caps exponential backoff.
- `max_retry_time` (Number) Time in seconds before the queue gives up calling a failed handler for a batch.



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_datadog.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_datadog "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
