---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_datakit Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginDatakit Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_datakit (Resource)

GatewayPluginDatakit Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_datakit" "my_gatewayplugindatakit" {
  config = {
    debug = false
    nodes = [
      {
        jq = {
          input = "...my_input..."
          inputs = {
            key = "value"
          }
          jq     = "...my_jq..."
          name   = "...my_name..."
          output = "...my_output..."
        }
      }
    ]
    resources = {
      cache = {
        memory = {
          dictionary_name = "...my_dictionary_name..."
        }
        redis = {
          cluster_max_redirections = 10
          cluster_nodes = [
            {
              ip   = "...my_ip..."
              port = 23392
            }
          ]
          connect_timeout       = 2043965363
          connection_is_proxied = true
          database              = 6
          host                  = "...my_host..."
          keepalive_backlog     = 1403771087
          keepalive_pool_size   = 371071403
          password              = "...my_password..."
          port                  = 3296
          read_timeout          = 1474836361
          send_timeout          = 1614607440
          sentinel_master       = "...my_sentinel_master..."
          sentinel_nodes = [
            {
              host = "...my_host..."
              port = 15355
            }
          ]
          sentinel_password = "...my_sentinel_password..."
          sentinel_role     = "master"
          sentinel_username = "...my_sentinel_username..."
          server_name       = "...my_server_name..."
          ssl               = false
          ssl_verify        = false
          username          = "...my_username..."
        }
        strategy = "memory"
      }
      vault = {
        key = "value"
      }
    }
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 4
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `nodes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes))

Optional:

- `debug` (Boolean) Default: false
- `resources` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resources))

<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes`

Optional:

- `branch` (Attributes) Execute different nodes based on some input condition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--branch))
- `cache` (Attributes) Fetch cached data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--cache))
- `call` (Attributes) Make an external HTTP request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--call))
- `exit` (Attributes) Terminate the request and send a response to the client (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--exit))
- `jq` (Attributes) Process data using `jq` syntax (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--jq))
- `property` (Attributes) Get or set a property (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--property))
- `static` (Attributes) Produce reusable outputs from statically-configured values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--static))

<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--branch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.branch`

Optional:

- `else` (List of String) nodes to execute if the input condition is `false`
- `input` (String) branch node input
- `name` (String) A label that uniquely identifies the node within the plugin configuration so that it can be used for input/output connections. Must be valid `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.
- `output` (String) branch node output
- `outputs` (Attributes) branch node outputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--branch--outputs))
- `then` (List of String) nodes to execute if the input condition is `true`

<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--branch--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.branch.outputs`

Optional:

- `else` (String) node output
- `then` (String) node output



<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.cache`

Optional:

- `bypass_on_error` (Boolean)
- `input` (String) cache node input
- `inputs` (Attributes) cache node inputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--cache--inputs))
- `name` (String) A label that uniquely identifies the node within the plugin configuration so that it can be used for input/output connections. Must be valid `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.
- `output` (String) cache node output
- `outputs` (Attributes) cache node outputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--cache--outputs))
- `ttl` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--cache--inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.cache.inputs`

Optional:

- `data` (String) The data to be cached.
- `key` (String) The cache key.
- `ttl` (String) The TTL in seconds.


<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--cache--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.cache.outputs`

Optional:

- `data` (String) The data that was cached.
- `hit` (String) Signals a cache hit.
- `miss` (String) Signals a cache miss.
- `stored` (String) Signals whether data was stored in cache.



<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.call`

Optional:

- `input` (String) call node input
- `inputs` (Attributes) call node inputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--call--inputs))
- `method` (String) A string representing an HTTP method, such as GET, POST, PUT, or DELETE. The string must contain only uppercase letters. Default: "GET"
- `name` (String) A label that uniquely identifies the node within the plugin configuration so that it can be used for input/output connections. Must be valid `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.
- `output` (String) call node output
- `outputs` (Attributes) call node outputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--call--outputs))
- `ssl_server_name` (String) A string representing an SNI (server name indication) value for TLS.
- `timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `url` (String) A string representing a URL, such as https://example.com/path/to/resource?q=search. Not Null

<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--call--inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.call.inputs`

Optional:

- `body` (String) HTTP request body
- `headers` (String) HTTP request headers
- `query` (String) HTTP request query


<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--call--outputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.call.outputs`

Optional:

- `body` (String) HTTP response body
- `headers` (String) HTTP response headers
- `status` (String) HTTP response status code



<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--exit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.exit`

Optional:

- `input` (String) exit node input
- `inputs` (Attributes) exit node inputs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--nodes--exit--inputs))
- `name` (String) A label that uniquely identifies the node within the plugin configuration so that it can be used for input/output connections. Must be valid `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.
- `status` (Number) HTTP status code. Default: 200
- `warn_headers_sent` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--exit--inputs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.exit.inputs`

Optional:

- `body` (String) HTTP response body
- `headers` (String) HTTP response headers



<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--jq"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.jq`

Optional:

- `input` (String) filter input(s)
- `inputs` (Map of String) filter input(s)
- `jq` (String) The jq filter text. Refer to https://jqlang.org/manual/ for full documentation. Not Null
- `name` (String) A label that uniquely identifies the node within the plugin configuration so that it can be used for input/output connections. Must be valid `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.
- `output` (String) filter output(s)


<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--property"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.property`

Optional:

- `content_type` (String) The expected mime type of the property value. When set to `application/json`, SET operations will JSON-encode input data before writing it, and GET operations will JSON-decode output data after reading it. Otherwise, this setting has no effect. must be one of ["application/json", "application/octet-stream", "text/plain"]
- `input` (String) Property input source. When connected, this node operates in SET mode and writes input data to the property. Otherwise, the node operates in GET mode and reads the property.
- `name` (String) A label that uniquely identifies the node within the plugin configuration so that it can be used for input/output connections. Must be valid `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.
- `output` (String) Property output. This can be connected regardless of whether the node is operating in GET mode or SET mode.
- `property` (String) The property name to get/set. Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--config--nodes--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.nodes.static`

Optional:

- `name` (String) A label that uniquely identifies the node within the plugin configuration so that it can be used for input/output connections. Must be valid `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.
- `output` (String) The entire `.values` map
- `outputs` (Map of String) Individual items from `.values`, referenced by key
- `values` (String) An object with string keys and freeform values. Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--config--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources`

Optional:

- `cache` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resources--cache))
- `vault` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedatt--config--resources--cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources.cache`

Optional:

- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resources--cache--memory))
- `redis` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resources--cache--redis))
- `strategy` (String) The backing data store in which to hold cache entities. Accepted values are: `memory` and `redis`. must be one of ["memory", "redis"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--resources--cache--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources.cache.memory`

Optional:

- `dictionary_name` (String) The name of the shared dictionary in which to hold cache entities when the memory strategy is selected. Note that this dictionary currently must be defined manually in the Kong Nginx template. Default: "kong_db_cache"


<a id="nestedatt--config--resources--cache--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources.cache.redis`

Optional:

- `cluster_max_redirections` (Number) Maximum retry attempts for redirection. Default: 5
- `cluster_nodes` (Attributes List) Cluster addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Cluster. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resources--cache--redis--cluster_nodes))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `connection_is_proxied` (Boolean) If the connection to Redis is proxied (e.g. Envoy), set it `true`. Set the `host` and `port` to point to the proxy address. Default: false
- `database` (Number) Database to use for the Redis connection when using the `redis` strategy. Default: 0
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `keepalive_backlog` (Number) Limits the total number of opened connections for a pool. If the connection pool is full, connection queues above the limit go into the backlog queue. If the backlog queue is full, subsequent connect operations fail and return `nil`. Queued operations (subject to set timeouts) resume once the number of connections in the pool is less than `keepalive_pool_size`. If latency is high or throughput is low, try increasing this value. Empirically, this value is larger than `keepalive_pool_size`.
- `keepalive_pool_size` (Number) The size limit for every cosocket connection pool associated with every remote server, per worker process. If neither `keepalive_pool_size` nor `keepalive_backlog` is specified, no pool is created. If `keepalive_pool_size` isn't specified but `keepalive_backlog` is specified, then the pool uses the default value. Try to increase (e.g. 512) this value if latency is high or throughput is low. Default: 256
- `password` (String) Password to use for Redis connections. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379
- `read_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `send_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `sentinel_master` (String) Sentinel master to use for Redis connections. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
- `sentinel_nodes` (Attributes List) Sentinel node addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Sentinel. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--resources--cache--redis--sentinel_nodes))
- `sentinel_password` (String) Sentinel password to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis Sentinels.
- `sentinel_role` (String) Sentinel role to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel. must be one of ["any", "master", "slave"]
- `sentinel_username` (String) Sentinel username to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.2.0+.
- `server_name` (String) A string representing an SNI (server name indication) value for TLS.
- `ssl` (Boolean) If set to true, uses SSL to connect to Redis. Default: false
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) If set to true, verifies the validity of the server SSL certificate. If setting this parameter, also configure `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` in `kong.conf` to specify the CA (or server) certificate used by your Redis server. You may also need to configure `lua_ssl_verify_depth` accordingly. Default: false
- `username` (String) Username to use for Redis connections. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.0.0+. To be compatible with Redis v5.x.y, you can set it to `default`.

<a id="nestedatt--config--resources--cache--redis--cluster_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources.cache.redis.cluster_nodes`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379


<a id="nestedatt--config--resources--cache--redis--sentinel_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.resources.cache.redis.sentinel_nodes`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379






<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_datakit.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_datakit
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_datakit.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_datakit '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
