---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd_advanced Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginStatsdAdvanced Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd_advanced (Resource)

GatewayPluginStatsdAdvanced Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd_advanced" "my_gatewaypluginstatsdadvanced" {
  config = {
    allow_status_codes = [
      "..."
    ]
    consumer_identifier_default = "username"
    host                        = "...my_host..."
    hostname_in_prefix          = false
    metrics = [
      {
        consumer_identifier  = "custom_id"
        name                 = "response_size"
        sample_rate          = 2.11
        service_identifier   = "service_host"
        stat_type            = "timer"
        workspace_identifier = "workspace_name"
      }
    ]
    port   = 36120
    prefix = "...my_prefix..."
    queue = {
      concurrency_limit    = 1
      initial_retry_delay  = 603656.13
      max_batch_size       = 216641
      max_bytes            = 3
      max_coalescing_delay = 1405.3
      max_entries          = 814148
      max_retry_delay      = 686342.11
      max_retry_time       = 8.95
    }
    service_identifier_default   = "service_name"
    udp_packet_size              = 19205.04
    use_tcp                      = false
    workspace_identifier_default = "workspace_id"
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 7
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "http"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allow_status_codes` (List of String) List of status code ranges that are allowed to be logged in metrics.
- `consumer_identifier_default` (String) The default consumer identifier for metrics. This will take effect when a metric's consumer identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `custom_id`, `consumer_id`, `username`. must be one of ["consumer_id", "custom_id", "username"]
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `hostname_in_prefix` (Boolean) Include the `hostname` in the `prefix` for each metric name.
- `metrics` (Attributes List) List of Metrics to be logged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--metrics))
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `prefix` (String) String to prefix to each metric's name.
- `queue` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--queue))
- `service_identifier_default` (String) The default service identifier for metrics. This will take effect when a metric's service identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `service_name_or_host`, `service_id`, `service_name`, `service_host`. must be one of ["service_host", "service_id", "service_name", "service_name_or_host"]
- `udp_packet_size` (Number) Combine UDP packet up to the size configured. If zero (0), don't combine the UDP packet. Must be a number between 0 and 65507 (inclusive).
- `use_tcp` (Boolean) Use TCP instead of UDP.
- `workspace_identifier_default` (String) The default workspace identifier for metrics. This will take effect when a metric's workspace identifier is omitted. Allowed values are `workspace_id`, `workspace_name`. must be one of ["workspace_id", "workspace_name"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.metrics`

Optional:

- `consumer_identifier` (String) must be one of ["consumer_id", "custom_id", "username"]
- `name` (String) Not Null; must be one of ["cache_datastore_hits_total", "cache_datastore_misses_total", "kong_latency", "latency", "request_count", "request_per_user", "request_size", "response_size", "shdict_usage", "status_count", "status_count_per_user", "status_count_per_user_per_route", "status_count_per_workspace", "unique_users", "upstream_latency"]
- `sample_rate` (Number)
- `service_identifier` (String) must be one of ["service_host", "service_id", "service_name", "service_name_or_host"]
- `stat_type` (String) Not Null; must be one of ["counter", "gauge", "histogram", "meter", "set", "timer"]
- `workspace_identifier` (String) must be one of ["workspace_id", "workspace_name"]


<a id="nestedatt--config--queue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.queue`

Optional:

- `concurrency_limit` (Number) The number of of queue delivery timers. -1 indicates unlimited. must be one of ["-1", "1"]
- `initial_retry_delay` (Number) Time in seconds before the initial retry is made for a failing batch.
- `max_batch_size` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be processed at a time.
- `max_bytes` (Number) Maximum number of bytes that can be waiting on a queue, requires string content.
- `max_coalescing_delay` (Number) Maximum number of (fractional) seconds to elapse after the first entry was queued before the queue starts calling the handler.
- `max_entries` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be waiting on the queue.
- `max_retry_delay` (Number) Maximum time in seconds between retries, caps exponential backoff.
- `max_retry_time` (Number) Time in seconds before the queue gives up calling a failed handler for a batch.



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd_advanced.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd_advanced "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
