---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginProxyCache Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache (Resource)

GatewayPluginProxyCache Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache" "my_gatewaypluginproxycache" {
  config = {
    cache_control = false
    cache_ttl     = 8
    content_type = [
      "..."
    ]
    ignore_uri_case = false
    memory = {
      dictionary_name = "...my_dictionary_name..."
    }
    request_method = [
      "PATCH"
    ]
    response_code = [
      411
    ]
    response_headers = {
      age            = false
      x_cache_key    = true
      x_cache_status = false
    }
    storage_ttl = 2
    strategy    = "memory"
    vary_headers = [
      "..."
    ]
    vary_query_params = [
      "..."
    ]
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 9
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "https"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 3
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `strategy` (String) The backing data store in which to hold cache entities. must be "memory"

Optional:

- `cache_control` (Boolean) When enabled, respect the Cache-Control behaviors defined in RFC7234. Default: false
- `cache_ttl` (Number) TTL, in seconds, of cache entities. Default: 300
- `content_type` (List of String) Upstream response content types considered cacheable. The plugin performs an **exact match** against each specified value.
- `ignore_uri_case` (Boolean) Default: false
- `memory` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--memory))
- `request_method` (List of String) Downstream request methods considered cacheable.
- `response_code` (List of Number) Upstream response status code considered cacheable.
- `response_headers` (Attributes) Caching related diagnostic headers that should be included in cached responses (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--response_headers))
- `storage_ttl` (Number) Number of seconds to keep resources in the storage backend. This value is independent of `cache_ttl` or resource TTLs defined by Cache-Control behaviors.
- `vary_headers` (List of String) Relevant headers considered for the cache key. If undefined, none of the headers are taken into consideration.
- `vary_query_params` (List of String) Relevant query parameters considered for the cache key. If undefined, all params are taken into consideration.

<a id="nestedatt--config--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.memory`

Optional:

- `dictionary_name` (String) The name of the shared dictionary in which to hold cache entities when the memory strategy is selected. Note that this dictionary currently must be defined manually in the Kong Nginx template. Default: "kong_db_cache"


<a id="nestedatt--config--response_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.response_headers`

Optional:

- `age` (Boolean) Default: true
- `x_cache_key` (Boolean) Default: true
- `x_cache_status` (Boolean) Default: true



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_proxy_cache '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
