---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_acme Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAcme Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_acme (Resource)

GatewayPluginAcme Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_acme" "my_gatewaypluginacme" {
  config = {
    account_email = "...my_account_email..."
    account_key = {
      key_id  = "...my_key_id..."
      key_set = "...my_key_set..."
    }
    allow_any_domain = false
    api_uri          = "...my_api_uri..."
    cert_type        = "rsa"
    domains = [
      "..."
    ]
    eab_hmac_key            = "...my_eab_hmac_key..."
    eab_kid                 = "...my_eab_kid..."
    enable_ipv4_common_name = false
    fail_backoff_minutes    = 7.02
    preferred_chain         = "...my_preferred_chain..."
    renew_threshold_days    = 1.5
    rsa_key_size            = 3072
    storage                 = "shm"
    storage_config = {
      consul = {
        host    = "...my_host..."
        https   = false
        kv_path = "...my_kv_path..."
        port    = 27961
        timeout = 6.85
        token   = "...my_token..."
      }
      kong = {
        "see" : jsonencode("documentation"),
      }
      redis = {
        database = 6
        extra_options = {
          namespace  = "...my_namespace..."
          scan_count = 4.65
        }
        host        = "...my_host..."
        password    = "...my_password..."
        port        = 60103
        server_name = "...my_server_name..."
        ssl         = true
        ssl_verify  = false
        timeout     = 1734626631
        username    = "...my_username..."
      }
      shm = {
        shm_name = "...my_shm_name..."
      }
      vault = {
        auth_method     = "kubernetes"
        auth_path       = "...my_auth_path..."
        auth_role       = "...my_auth_role..."
        host            = "...my_host..."
        https           = false
        jwt_path        = "...my_jwt_path..."
        kv_path         = "...my_kv_path..."
        port            = 58658
        timeout         = 3.3
        tls_server_name = "...my_tls_server_name..."
        tls_verify      = true
        token           = "...my_token..."
      }
    }
    tos_accepted = true
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `account_email` (String) The account identifier. Can be reused in a different plugin instance.
- `account_key` (Attributes) The private key associated with the account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--account_key))
- `allow_any_domain` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the plugin allows all domains and ignores any values in the `domains` list.
- `api_uri` (String) A string representing a URL, such as https://example.com/path/to/resource?q=search.
- `cert_type` (String) The certificate type to create. The possible values are `'rsa'` for RSA certificate or `'ecc'` for EC certificate. must be one of ["rsa", "ecc"]
- `domains` (List of String) An array of strings representing hosts. A valid host is a string containing one or more labels separated by periods, with at most one wildcard label ('*')
- `eab_hmac_key` (String) External account binding (EAB) base64-encoded URL string of the HMAC key. You usually don't need to set this unless it is explicitly required by the CA.
- `eab_kid` (String) External account binding (EAB) key id. You usually don't need to set this unless it is explicitly required by the CA.
- `enable_ipv4_common_name` (Boolean) A boolean value that controls whether to include the IPv4 address in the common name field of generated certificates.
- `fail_backoff_minutes` (Number) Minutes to wait for each domain that fails to create a certificate. This applies to both a
new certificate and a renewal certificate.
- `preferred_chain` (String) A string value that specifies the preferred certificate chain to use when generating certificates.
- `renew_threshold_days` (Number) Days remaining to renew the certificate before it expires.
- `rsa_key_size` (Number) RSA private key size for the certificate. The possible values are 2048, 3072, or 4096. must be one of ["2048", "3072", "4096"]
- `storage` (String) The backend storage type to use. The possible values are `'kong'`, `'shm'`, `'redis'`, `'consul'`, or `'vault'`. In DB-less mode, `'kong'` storage is unavailable. Note that `'shm'` storage does not persist during Kong restarts and does not work for Kong running on different machines, so consider using one of `'kong'`, `'redis'`, `'consul'`, or `'vault'` in production. Please refer to the Hybrid Mode sections below as well. must be one of ["kong", "shm", "redis", "consul", "vault"]
- `storage_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--storage_config))
- `tos_accepted` (Boolean) If you are using Let's Encrypt, you must set this to `true` to agree the terms of service.

<a id="nestedatt--config--account_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.account_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) The Key ID. Not Null
- `key_set` (String) The ID of the key set to associate the Key ID with.


<a id="nestedatt--config--storage_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.storage_config`

Optional:

- `consul` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--storage_config--consul))
- `kong` (Map of String)
- `redis` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--storage_config--redis))
- `shm` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--storage_config--shm))
- `vault` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--storage_config--vault))

<a id="nestedatt--config--storage_config--consul"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.storage_config.consul`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `https` (Boolean) Boolean representation of https.
- `kv_path` (String) KV prefix path.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout in milliseconds.
- `token` (String) Consul ACL token.


<a id="nestedatt--config--storage_config--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.storage_config.redis`

Optional:

- `database` (Number) Database to use for the Redis connection when using the `redis` strategy
- `extra_options` (Attributes) Custom ACME Redis options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--storage_config--redis--extra_options))
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `password` (String) Password to use for Redis connections. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `server_name` (String) A string representing an SNI (server name indication) value for TLS.
- `ssl` (Boolean) If set to true, uses SSL to connect to Redis.
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) If set to true, verifies the validity of the server SSL certificate. If setting this parameter, also configure `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` in `kong.conf` to specify the CA (or server) certificate used by your Redis server. You may also need to configure `lua_ssl_verify_depth` accordingly.
- `timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `username` (String) Username to use for Redis connections. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.0.0+. To be compatible with Redis v5.x.y, you can set it to `default`.

<a id="nestedatt--config--storage_config--redis--extra_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.storage_config.redis.extra_options`

Optional:

- `namespace` (String) A namespace to prepend to all keys stored in Redis.
- `scan_count` (Number) The number of keys to return in Redis SCAN calls.



<a id="nestedatt--config--storage_config--shm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.storage_config.shm`

Optional:

- `shm_name` (String) Name of shared memory zone used for Kong API gateway storage


<a id="nestedatt--config--storage_config--vault"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.storage_config.vault`

Optional:

- `auth_method` (String) Auth Method, default to token, can be 'token' or 'kubernetes'. must be one of ["token", "kubernetes"]
- `auth_path` (String) Vault's authentication path to use.
- `auth_role` (String) The role to try and assign.
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `https` (Boolean) Boolean representation of https.
- `jwt_path` (String) The path to the JWT.
- `kv_path` (String) KV prefix path.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout in milliseconds.
- `tls_server_name` (String) SNI used in request, default to host if omitted.
- `tls_verify` (Boolean) Turn on TLS verification.
- `token` (String) Consul ACL token.




<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_acme.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_acme "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
