---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAIProxy Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_proxy (Resource)

GatewayPluginAIProxy Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--auth))
- `logging` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--logging))
- `model` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--model))
- `response_streaming` (String) Whether to 'optionally allow', 'deny', or 'always' (force) the streaming of answers via server sent events. must be one of ["allow", "deny", "always"]
- `route_type` (String) The model's operation implementation, for this provider. Set to `preserve` to pass through without transformation. must be one of ["llm/v1/chat", "llm/v1/completions", "preserve"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.auth`

Optional:

- `azure_client_id` (String) If azure_use_managed_identity is set to true, and you need to use a different user-assigned identity for this LLM instance, set the client ID.
- `azure_client_secret` (String) If azure_use_managed_identity is set to true, and you need to use a different user-assigned identity for this LLM instance, set the client secret.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) If azure_use_managed_identity is set to true, and you need to use a different user-assigned identity for this LLM instance, set the tenant ID.
- `azure_use_managed_identity` (Boolean) Set true to use the Azure Cloud Managed Identity (or user-assigned identity) to authenticate with Azure-provider models.
- `header_name` (String) If AI model requires authentication via Authorization or API key header, specify its name here.
- `header_value` (String) Specify the full auth header value for 'header_name', for example 'Bearer key' or just 'key'.
- `param_location` (String) Specify whether the 'param_name' and 'param_value' options go in a query string, or the POST form/JSON body. must be one of ["query", "body"]
- `param_name` (String) If AI model requires authentication via query parameter, specify its name here.
- `param_value` (String) Specify the full parameter value for 'param_name'.


<a id="nestedatt--config--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.logging`

Optional:

- `log_payloads` (Boolean) If enabled, will log the request and response body into the Kong log plugin(s) output.
- `log_statistics` (Boolean) If enabled and supported by the driver, will add model usage and token metrics into the Kong log plugin(s) output.


<a id="nestedatt--config--model"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.model`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Model name to execute.
- `options` (Attributes) Key/value settings for the model (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--model--options))
- `provider` (String) AI provider request format - Kong translates requests to and from the specified backend compatible formats. must be one of ["openai", "azure", "anthropic", "cohere", "mistral", "llama2"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--model--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.model.options`

Optional:

- `anthropic_version` (String) Defines the schema/API version, if using Anthropic provider.
- `azure_api_version` (String) 'api-version' for Azure OpenAI instances.
- `azure_deployment_id` (String) Deployment ID for Azure OpenAI instances.
- `azure_instance` (String) Instance name for Azure OpenAI hosted models.
- `llama2_format` (String) If using llama2 provider, select the upstream message format. must be one of ["raw", "openai", "ollama"]
- `max_tokens` (Number) Defines the max_tokens, if using chat or completion models.
- `mistral_format` (String) If using mistral provider, select the upstream message format. must be one of ["openai", "ollama"]
- `temperature` (Number) Defines the matching temperature, if using chat or completion models.
- `top_k` (Number) Defines the top-k most likely tokens, if supported.
- `top_p` (Number) Defines the top-p probability mass, if supported.
- `upstream_path` (String) Manually specify or override the AI operation path, used when e.g. using the 'preserve' route_type.
- `upstream_url` (String) Manually specify or override the full URL to the AI operation endpoints, when calling (self-)hosted models, or for running via a private endpoint.




<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


