---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_consume Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginSolaceConsume Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_consume (Resource)

GatewayPluginSolaceConsume Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_consume" "my_gatewaypluginsolaceconsume" {
  config = {
    flow = {
      ack_mode = "CLIENT"
      binds = [
        {
          name = "...my_name..."
          type = "QUEUE"
        }
      ]
      functions = [
        "..."
      ]
      max_unacked_messages = 5
      properties = {
        key = "value"
      }
      selector     = "...my_selector..."
      wait_timeout = 2591
      window_size  = 141
    }
    mode = "WEBSOCKET"
    polling = {
      timeout = 287082
    }
    session = {
      authentication = {
        access_token        = "...my_access_token..."
        access_token_header = "...my_access_token_header..."
        id_token            = "...my_id_token..."
        id_token_header     = "...my_id_token_header..."
        password            = "...my_password..."
        scheme              = "BASIC"
        username            = "...my_username..."
      }
      calculate_message_expiry = false
      connect_timeout          = 27609
      generate_rcv_timestamps  = true
      generate_send_timestamps = true
      generate_sender_id       = false
      generate_sequence_number = true
      host                     = "...my_host..."
      properties = {
        key = "value"
      }
      ssl_validate_certificate = true
      vpn_name                 = "...my_vpn_name..."
    }
    websocket = {
      max_recv_len = 5
      max_send_len = 10
      timeout      = 44172
    }
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 8
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `flow` (Attributes) The flow related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--flow))
- `session` (Attributes) Session related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--session))

Optional:

- `mode` (String) The mode of operation for the plugin. The `AUTO` determines the mode automatically from the client request. Default: "POLLING"; must be one of ["AUTO", "POLLING", "SERVER-SENT-EVENTS", "WEBSOCKET"]
- `polling` (Attributes) The `POLLING` mode related configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--polling))
- `websocket` (Attributes) The `WEBSOCKET` mode related configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--websocket))

<a id="nestedatt--config--flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.flow`

Required:

- `binds` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--flow--binds))

Optional:

- `ack_mode` (String) Controls how acknowledgments are generated for received Guaranteed messages. When set to `AUTO`, the messages are positively acknowledged upon receiving them. When set to 'CLIENT', the messages are positively or negatively acknowledged by Kong regarding to client delivery status. Default: "CLIENT"; must be one of ["AUTO", "CLIENT"]
- `functions` (List of String) The Lua functions that manipulates the message being received from Solace. The `message` variable can be used to access the current message content, and the function can return a new content.
- `max_unacked_messages` (Number) This property controls the maximum number of messages that may be unacknowledged on the Flow. Default: -1
- `properties` (Map of String) Additional Solace flow properties (each setting needs to have `FLOW_` prefix).
- `selector` (String) The selector when binding to an endpoint.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Specifies in milliseconds how long to wait for messages to appear on each poll before giving up or retrying. Default: 50
- `window_size` (Number) The Guaranteed message window size for the Flow. Default: 255

<a id="nestedatt--config--flow--binds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.flow.binds`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the Queue that is the target of the bind. You can use $(uri_captures['<capture-identifier>']) in this field (replace `<capture-identifier>` with a real value, for example `$uri_captures['queue']` when the matched route has a path `~/(?<queue>[a-z]+)`). Not Null
- `type` (String) The type of object to which this Flow is bound. Default: "QUEUE"; must be "QUEUE"



<a id="nestedatt--config--session"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.session`

Required:

- `host` (String) The IPv4 or IPv6 address or host name to connect to (see: https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/c/index.html#host-entry).

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Session authentication related configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--session--authentication))
- `calculate_message_expiry` (Boolean) If this property is true and time-to-live has a positive value in a message, the expiration time is calculated when the message is sent or received. Default: true
- `connect_timeout` (Number) The timeout period (in milliseconds) for a connect operation to a given host (per host). Default: 3000
- `generate_rcv_timestamps` (Boolean) When enabled, a receive timestamp is recorded for each message. Default: true
- `generate_send_timestamps` (Boolean) When enabled, a send timestamp is automatically included (if not already present) in the Solace-defined fields for each message sent. Default: true
- `generate_sender_id` (Boolean) When enabled, a sender id is automatically included (if not already present) in the Solace-defined fields for each message sent. Default: true
- `generate_sequence_number` (Boolean) When enabled, a sequence number is automatically included (if not already present) in the Solace-defined fields for each message sent. Default: true
- `properties` (Map of String) Additional Solace session properties (each setting needs to have `SESSION_` prefix).
- `ssl_validate_certificate` (Boolean) Indicates whether the API should validate server certificates with the trusted certificates. Default: false
- `vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN to attempt to join when connecting to an event broker.

<a id="nestedatt--config--session--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.session.authentication`

Optional:

- `access_token` (String) The OAuth2 access token used with `OAUTH2` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.
- `access_token_header` (String)
- `id_token` (String) The OpenID Connect ID token used with `OAUTH2` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.
- `id_token_header` (String)
- `password` (String) The password used with `BASIC` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.
- `scheme` (String) The client authentication scheme used when connection to an event broker. Default: "BASIC"; must be one of ["BASIC", "NONE", "OAUTH2"]
- `username` (String) The username used with `BASIC` authentication scheme when connecting to an event broker.



<a id="nestedatt--config--polling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.polling`

Optional:

- `timeout` (Number) Polling timeout in milliseconds. When set to `0`, the polling works like short-polling and waits at maximum the Flow `wait_timeout` amount of time for the new messages (short-polling). When set to larger than `0`, the connection is kept open and only closed after the timeout or in case messages appear earlier (long-polling). Default: 0


<a id="nestedatt--config--websocket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.websocket`

Optional:

- `max_recv_len` (Number) Specifies the maximal length of payload allowed when receiving WebSocket frames. Default: 65536
- `max_send_len` (Number) Specifies the maximal length of payload allowed when sending WebSocket frames. Default: 65536
- `timeout` (Number) Specifies the network timeout threshold in milliseconds. Default: 1000



<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_consume.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_consume
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_consume.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_solace_consume '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
