---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_header_cert_auth Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginHeaderCertAuth Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_header_cert_auth (Resource)

GatewayPluginHeaderCertAuth Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_header_cert_auth" "my_gatewaypluginheadercertauth" {
  config = {
    allow_partial_chain    = false
    anonymous              = "...my_anonymous..."
    authenticated_group_by = "DN"
    ca_certificates = [
      "..."
    ]
    cache_ttl                 = 5.31
    cert_cache_ttl            = 6.32
    certificate_header_format = "url_encoded"
    certificate_header_name   = "...my_certificate_header_name..."
    consumer_by = [
      "username"
    ]
    default_consumer      = "...my_default_consumer..."
    http_proxy_host       = "...my_http_proxy_host..."
    http_proxy_port       = 1064
    http_timeout          = 5.78
    https_proxy_host      = "...my_https_proxy_host..."
    https_proxy_port      = 10840
    revocation_check_mode = "SKIP"
    secure_source         = true
    skip_consumer_lookup  = true
    ssl_verify            = true
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 5
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "https"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `ca_certificates` (List of String) List of CA Certificates strings to use as Certificate Authorities (CA) when validating a client certificate. At least one is required but you can specify as many as needed. The value of this array is comprised of primary keys (`id`).
- `certificate_header_format` (String) Format of the certificate header. Supported formats: `base64_encoded`, `url_encoded`. must be one of ["base64_encoded", "url_encoded"]
- `certificate_header_name` (String) Name of the header that contains the certificate, received from the WAF or other L7 downstream proxy.

Optional:

- `allow_partial_chain` (Boolean) Allow certificate verification with only an intermediate certificate. When this is enabled, you don't need to upload the full chain to Kong Certificates. Default: false
- `anonymous` (String) An optional string (consumer UUID or username) value to use as an “anonymous” consumer if authentication fails. If empty (default null), the request fails with an authentication failure `4xx`. Note that this value must refer to the consumer `id` or `username` attribute, and **not** its `custom_id`.
- `authenticated_group_by` (String) Certificate property to use as the authenticated group. Valid values are `CN` (Common Name) or `DN` (Distinguished Name). Once `skip_consumer_lookup` is applied, any client with a valid certificate can access the Service/API. To restrict usage to only some of the authenticated users, also add the ACL plugin (not covered here) and create allowed or denied groups of users. Default: "CN"; must be one of ["CN", "DN"]
- `cache_ttl` (Number) Cache expiry time in seconds. Default: 60
- `cert_cache_ttl` (Number) The length of time in milliseconds between refreshes of the revocation check status cache. Default: 60000
- `consumer_by` (List of String) Whether to match the subject name of the client-supplied certificate against consumer's `username` and/or `custom_id` attribute. If set to `[]` (the empty array), then auto-matching is disabled. Default: ["custom_id","username"]
- `default_consumer` (String) The UUID or username of the consumer to use when a trusted client certificate is presented but no consumer matches. Note that this value must refer to the consumer `id` or `username` attribute, and **not** its `custom_id`.
- `http_proxy_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `http_proxy_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `http_timeout` (Number) HTTP timeout threshold in milliseconds when communicating with the OCSP server or downloading CRL. Default: 30000
- `https_proxy_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `https_proxy_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `revocation_check_mode` (String) Controls client certificate revocation check behavior. If set to `SKIP`, no revocation check is performed. If set to `IGNORE_CA_ERROR`, the plugin respects the revocation status when either OCSP or CRL URL is set, and doesn't fail on network issues. If set to `STRICT`, the plugin only treats the certificate as valid when it's able to verify the revocation status. Default: "IGNORE_CA_ERROR"; must be one of ["IGNORE_CA_ERROR", "SKIP", "STRICT"]
- `secure_source` (Boolean) Whether to secure the source of the request. If set to `true`, the plugin will only allow requests from trusted IPs (configured by the `trusted_ips` config option). Default: true
- `skip_consumer_lookup` (Boolean) Skip consumer lookup once certificate is trusted against the configured CA list. Default: false
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) This option enables verification of the certificate presented by the server of the OCSP responder's URL and by the server of the CRL Distribution Point.


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_header_cert_auth.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_header_cert_auth
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_header_cert_auth.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_header_cert_auth '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
