---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_opentelemetry Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginOpentelemetry Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_opentelemetry (Resource)

GatewayPluginOpentelemetry Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_opentelemetry" "my_gatewaypluginopentelemetry" {
  config = {
    batch_flush_delay = 7
    batch_span_count  = 5
    connect_timeout   = 1207240418
    header_type       = "gcp"
    headers = {
      key = jsonencode("value"),
    }
    http_response_header_for_traceid = "...my_http_response_header_for_traceid..."
    logs_endpoint                    = "...my_logs_endpoint..."
    propagation = {
      clear = [
        "..."
      ]
      default_format = "aws"
      extract = [
        "jaeger"
      ]
      inject = [
        "b3"
      ]
    }
    queue = {
      concurrency_limit    = 2
      initial_retry_delay  = 226722.01
      max_batch_size       = 779071
      max_bytes            = 9
      max_coalescing_delay = 763.01
      max_entries          = 975127
      max_retry_delay      = 892016.33
      max_retry_time       = 0.21
    }
    read_timeout = 1485093464
    resource_attributes = {
      key = jsonencode("value"),
    }
    sampling_rate   = 0.37
    send_timeout    = 1637096441
    traces_endpoint = "...my_traces_endpoint..."
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "http"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `batch_flush_delay` (Number) The delay, in seconds, between two consecutive batches.
- `batch_span_count` (Number) The number of spans to be sent in a single batch.
- `connect_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `header_type` (String) must be one of ["aws", "b3", "b3-single", "datadog", "gcp", "ignore", "jaeger", "ot", "preserve", "w3c"]
- `headers` (Map of String) The custom headers to be added in the HTTP request sent to the OTLP server. This setting is useful for adding the authentication headers (token) for the APM backend.
- `http_response_header_for_traceid` (String)
- `logs_endpoint` (String) A string representing a URL, such as https://example.com/path/to/resource?q=search.
- `propagation` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--propagation))
- `queue` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--queue))
- `read_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `resource_attributes` (Map of String)
- `sampling_rate` (Number) Tracing sampling rate for configuring the probability-based sampler. When set, this value supersedes the global `tracing_sampling_rate` setting from kong.conf.
- `send_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2.
- `traces_endpoint` (String) A string representing a URL, such as https://example.com/path/to/resource?q=search.

<a id="nestedatt--config--propagation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.propagation`

Optional:

- `clear` (List of String) Header names to clear after context extraction. This allows to extract the context from a certain header and then remove it from the request, useful when extraction and injection are performed on different header formats and the original header should not be sent to the upstream. If left empty, no headers are cleared.
- `default_format` (String) The default header format to use when extractors did not match any format in the incoming headers and `inject` is configured with the value: `preserve`. This can happen when no tracing header was found in the request, or the incoming tracing header formats were not included in `extract`. Not Null; must be one of ["aws", "b3", "b3-single", "datadog", "gcp", "jaeger", "ot", "w3c"]
- `extract` (List of String) Header formats used to extract tracing context from incoming requests. If multiple values are specified, the first one found will be used for extraction. If left empty, Kong will not extract any tracing context information from incoming requests and generate a trace with no parent and a new trace ID.
- `inject` (List of String) Header formats used to inject tracing context. The value `preserve` will use the same header format as the incoming request. If multiple values are specified, all of them will be used during injection. If left empty, Kong will not inject any tracing context information in outgoing requests.


<a id="nestedatt--config--queue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.queue`

Optional:

- `concurrency_limit` (Number) The number of of queue delivery timers. -1 indicates unlimited. must be one of ["-1", "1"]
- `initial_retry_delay` (Number) Time in seconds before the initial retry is made for a failing batch.
- `max_batch_size` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be processed at a time.
- `max_bytes` (Number) Maximum number of bytes that can be waiting on a queue, requires string content.
- `max_coalescing_delay` (Number) Maximum number of (fractional) seconds to elapse after the first entry was queued before the queue starts calling the handler.
- `max_entries` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be waiting on the queue.
- `max_retry_delay` (Number) Maximum time in seconds between retries, caps exponential backoff.
- `max_retry_time` (Number) Time in seconds before the queue gives up calling a failed handler for a batch.



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_opentelemetry.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_opentelemetry "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
