---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_syslog Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginSyslog Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_syslog (Resource)

GatewayPluginSyslog Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_syslog" "my_gatewaypluginsyslog" {
  config = {
    client_errors_severity = "warning"
    custom_fields_by_lua = {
      key = jsonencode("value"),
    }
    facility               = "uucp"
    log_level              = "crit"
    server_errors_severity = "notice"
    successful_severity    = "debug"
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "tls_passthrough"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `client_errors_severity` (String) must be one of ["alert", "crit", "debug", "emerg", "err", "info", "notice", "warning"]
- `custom_fields_by_lua` (Map of String) Lua code as a key-value map
- `facility` (String) The facility is used by the operating system to decide how to handle each log message. must be one of ["auth", "authpriv", "cron", "daemon", "ftp", "kern", "local0", "local1", "local2", "local3", "local4", "local5", "local6", "local7", "lpr", "mail", "news", "syslog", "user", "uucp"]
- `log_level` (String) must be one of ["alert", "crit", "debug", "emerg", "err", "info", "notice", "warning"]
- `server_errors_severity` (String) must be one of ["alert", "crit", "debug", "emerg", "err", "info", "notice", "warning"]
- `successful_severity` (String) must be one of ["alert", "crit", "debug", "emerg", "err", "info", "notice", "warning"]


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_syslog.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_syslog "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
