---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_custom_guardrail Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiCustomGuardrail Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_custom_guardrail (Resource)

GatewayPluginAiCustomGuardrail Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_custom_guardrail" "my_gatewaypluginaicustomguardrail" {
  condition = "...my_condition..."
  config = {
    allow_masking = false
    custom_metrics = {
      key = "value"
    }
    functions = {
      key = "value"
    }
    guarding_mode = "INPUT"
    metrics = {
      block_detail = "...my_block_detail..."
      block_reason = "...my_block_reason..."
      masked       = "...my_masked..."
    }
    params = {
      key = "value"
    }
    request = {
      auth = {
        location = "header"
        name     = "...my_name..."
        value    = "...my_value..."
      }
      body = {
        key = "value"
      }
      headers = {
        key = "value"
      }
      queries = {
        key = "value"
      }
      url = "...my_url..."
    }
    response = {
      block         = "...my_block..."
      block_message = "...my_block_message..."
    }
    response_buffer_size = 100
    ssl_verify           = false
    stop_on_error        = true
    text_source          = "last_message"
    timeout              = 10000
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 6
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `condition` (String) An expression used for conditional control over plugin execution. If the expression evaluates to `true` during the request flow, the plugin is executed; otherwise, it is skipped.
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `request` (Attributes) Configuration specific to guardrail request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--request))
- `response` (Attributes) Configuration specific to parse guardrail response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--response))

Optional:

- `allow_masking` (Boolean) Allow to masking the request/response instead of blocking it. Streaming will be disabled if this is enabled. Default: false
- `custom_metrics` (Map of String) A list of custom metrics to be recorded.
- `functions` (Map of String) Custom functions to be used in expression templates.
- `guarding_mode` (String) The guardrail mode to use for the request. Default: "INPUT"; must be one of ["BOTH", "INPUT", "OUTPUT"]
- `metrics` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--metrics))
- `params` (Map of String) Parameters to be used in the guardrail service request. Keys are the parameter name and values can be either Lua expressions in the form `$(some_lua_expression)`or string. For expression, it will be evaluated as the value for the corresponding key. For string, it will be attempted to be parsed as string in JSON format, otherwise it will be used as is.
- `response_buffer_size` (Number) The amount of bytes receiving from upstream to be buffered before sending to the guardrail service. This only applies to the response content guard. Default: 100
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) Whether to verify SSL certificate when Kong makes request to guardrail service. Default: false
- `stop_on_error` (Boolean) Stop processing if an error occurs. Default: true
- `text_source` (String) Select where to pick the 'text' for the guardrail service request. Default: "last_message"; must be one of ["concatenate_all_content", "concatenate_user_content", "last_message"]
- `timeout` (Number) Connection timeout with the guardrail service. Default: 10000

<a id="nestedatt--config--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.request`

Required:

- `url` (String) the url string or a template to generate one

Optional:

- `auth` (Attributes) Authentication configuration for HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--request--auth))
- `body` (Map of String) A map used to evaluate a JSON object. Keys are the field names in the new object, and values can be either Lua expressions in the form `$(some_lua_expression)`or string. For expression, it will be evaluated as the value for the corresponding key. For string, it will be decoded as string in JSON format or be used as is.
- `headers` (Map of String) A map used to evaluate a JSON object. Keys are the field names in the new object, and values can be either Lua expressions in the form `$(some_lua_expression)`or string. For expression, it will be evaluated as the value for the corresponding key. For string, it will be decoded as string in JSON format or be used as is.
- `queries` (Map of String) A map used to evaluate a JSON object. Keys are the field names in the new object, and values can be either Lua expressions in the form `$(some_lua_expression)`or string. For expression, it will be evaluated as the value for the corresponding key. For string, it will be decoded as string in JSON format or be used as is.

<a id="nestedatt--config--request--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.request.auth`

Optional:

- `location` (String) Specify whether the 'param_name' and 'param_value' options go in a query string, or the POST form/JSON body. Default: "header"; must be one of ["body", "header", "query"]
- `name` (String) Specify name here.
- `value` (String) Specify the full token value for 'name'.



<a id="nestedatt--config--response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.response`

Required:

- `block` (String) template or string to evaluate block field
- `block_message` (String) template or string to evaluate block_message field


<a id="nestedatt--config--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.metrics`

Optional:

- `block_detail` (String) Metric to indicate the detail for blocking the input.
- `block_reason` (String) Metric to indicate the reason for blocking the input.
- `masked` (String) Metric to indicate whether the input was masked.



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_custom_guardrail.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_custom_guardrail
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_custom_guardrail.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_custom_guardrail '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
