---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_jwt Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginJwt Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_jwt (Resource)

GatewayPluginJwt Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_jwt" "my_gatewaypluginjwt" {
  config = {
    anonymous = "...my_anonymous..."
    claims_to_verify = [
      "exp"
    ]
    cookie_names = [
      "..."
    ]
    header_names = [
      "..."
    ]
    key_claim_name     = "...my_key_claim_name..."
    maximum_expiration = 24905725.8
    realm              = "...my_realm..."
    run_on_preflight   = true
    secret_is_base64   = false
    uri_param_names = [
      "..."
    ]
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  enabled          = true
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "wss"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `anonymous` (String) An optional string (consumer UUID or username) value to use as an “anonymous” consumer if authentication fails.
- `claims_to_verify` (List of String) A list of registered claims (according to RFC 7519) that Kong can verify as well. Accepted values: one of exp or nbf.
- `cookie_names` (List of String) A list of cookie names that Kong will inspect to retrieve JWTs.
- `header_names` (List of String) A list of HTTP header names that Kong will inspect to retrieve JWTs.
- `key_claim_name` (String) The name of the claim in which the key identifying the secret must be passed. The plugin will attempt to read this claim from the JWT payload and the header, in that order.
- `maximum_expiration` (Number) A value between 0 and 31536000 (365 days) limiting the lifetime of the JWT to maximum_expiration seconds in the future.
- `realm` (String) When authentication fails the plugin sends `WWW-Authenticate` header with `realm` attribute value.
- `run_on_preflight` (Boolean) A boolean value that indicates whether the plugin should run (and try to authenticate) on OPTIONS preflight requests. If set to false, then OPTIONS requests will always be allowed.
- `secret_is_base64` (Boolean) If true, the plugin assumes the credential’s secret to be base64 encoded. You will need to create a base64-encoded secret for your Consumer, and sign your JWT with the original secret.
- `uri_param_names` (List of String) A list of querystring parameters that Kong will inspect to retrieve JWTs.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_jwt.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_jwt "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
