---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginStatsd Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd (Resource)

GatewayPluginStatsd Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd" "my_gatewaypluginstatsd" {
  condition = "...my_condition..."
  config = {
    allow_status_codes = [
      "..."
    ]
    consumer_identifier_default = "custom_id"
    flush_timeout               = 5.68
    host                        = "localhost"
    hostname_in_prefix          = false
    metrics = [
      {
        consumer_identifier  = "username"
        name                 = "status_count_per_workspace"
        sample_rate          = 3.92
        service_identifier   = "service_id"
        stat_type            = "set"
        workspace_identifier = "workspace_name"
      }
    ]
    port   = 8125
    prefix = "kong"
    queue = {
      concurrency_limit    = 1
      initial_retry_delay  = 75641.56
      max_batch_size       = 1
      max_bytes            = 9
      max_coalescing_delay = 1
      max_entries          = 10000
      max_retry_delay      = 60
      max_retry_time       = 60
    }
    queue_size                   = 10
    retry_count                  = 8
    service_identifier_default   = "service_name_or_host"
    tag_style                    = "librato"
    udp_packet_size              = 0
    use_tcp                      = false
    workspace_identifier_default = "workspace_id"
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 7
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "udp"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `condition` (String) An expression used for conditional control over plugin execution. If the expression evaluates to `true` during the request flow, the plugin is executed; otherwise, it is skipped.
- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allow_status_codes` (List of String) List of status code ranges that are allowed to be logged in metrics.
- `consumer_identifier_default` (String) possible known values include one of ["consumer_id", "custom_id", "username"]; Default: "custom_id"
- `flush_timeout` (Number)
- `host` (String) The IP address or hostname of StatsD server to send data to. Default: "localhost"
- `hostname_in_prefix` (Boolean) Default: false
- `metrics` (Attributes List) List of metrics to be logged. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--metrics))
- `port` (Number) The port of StatsD server to send data to. Default: 8125
- `prefix` (String) String to prefix to each metric's name. Default: "kong"
- `queue` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--queue))
- `queue_size` (Number)
- `retry_count` (Number)
- `service_identifier_default` (String) possible known values include one of ["service_host", "service_id", "service_name", "service_name_or_host"]; Default: "service_name_or_host"
- `tag_style` (String) possible known values include one of ["dogstatsd", "influxdb", "librato", "signalfx"]
- `udp_packet_size` (Number) Default: 0
- `use_tcp` (Boolean) Default: false
- `workspace_identifier_default` (String) possible known values include one of ["workspace_id", "workspace_name"]; Default: "workspace_id"

<a id="nestedatt--config--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.metrics`

Optional:

- `consumer_identifier` (String) Authenticated user detail. possible known values include one of ["consumer_id", "custom_id", "username"]
- `name` (String) StatsD metric’s name. possible known values include one of ["cache_datastore_hits_total", "cache_datastore_misses_total", "kong_latency", "latency", "request_count", "request_per_user", "request_size", "response_size", "shdict_usage", "status_count", "status_count_per_user", "status_count_per_user_per_route", "status_count_per_workspace", "unique_users", "upstream_latency"]; Not Null
- `sample_rate` (Number) Sampling rate
- `service_identifier` (String) Service detail. possible known values include one of ["service_host", "service_id", "service_name", "service_name_or_host"]
- `stat_type` (String) Determines what sort of event a metric represents. possible known values include one of ["counter", "gauge", "histogram", "meter", "set", "timer"]; Not Null
- `workspace_identifier` (String) Workspace detail. possible known values include one of ["workspace_id", "workspace_name"]


<a id="nestedatt--config--queue"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.queue`

Optional:

- `concurrency_limit` (Number) The number of of queue delivery timers. -1 indicates unlimited. possible known values include one of [-1, 1]; Default: 1
- `initial_retry_delay` (Number) Time in seconds before the initial retry is made for a failing batch.
- `max_batch_size` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be processed at a time. Default: 1
- `max_bytes` (Number) Maximum number of bytes that can be waiting on a queue, requires string content.
- `max_coalescing_delay` (Number) Maximum number of (fractional) seconds to elapse after the first entry was queued before the queue starts calling the handler. Default: 1
- `max_entries` (Number) Maximum number of entries that can be waiting on the queue. Default: 10000
- `max_retry_delay` (Number) Maximum time in seconds between retries, caps exponential backoff. Default: 60
- `max_retry_time` (Number) Time in seconds before the queue gives up calling a failed handler for a batch. Default: 60



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id               = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_statsd '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
