---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_saml Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginSaml Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_saml (Resource)

GatewayPluginSaml Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_saml" "my_gatewaypluginsaml" {
  config = {
    anonymous               = "...my_anonymous..."
    assertion_consumer_path = "...my_assertion_consumer_path..."
    idp_certificate         = "...my_idp_certificate..."
    idp_sso_url             = "...my_idp_sso_url..."
    issuer                  = "...my_issuer..."
    nameid_format           = "EmailAddress"
    redis = {
      cloud_authentication = {
        auth_provider            = "azure"
        aws_access_key_id        = "...my_aws_access_key_id..."
        aws_assume_role_arn      = "...my_aws_assume_role_arn..."
        aws_cache_name           = "...my_aws_cache_name..."
        aws_is_serverless        = true
        aws_region               = "...my_aws_region..."
        aws_role_session_name    = "...my_aws_role_session_name..."
        aws_secret_access_key    = "...my_aws_secret_access_key..."
        azure_client_id          = "...my_azure_client_id..."
        azure_client_secret      = "...my_azure_client_secret..."
        azure_tenant_id          = "...my_azure_tenant_id..."
        gcp_service_account_json = "...my_gcp_service_account_json..."
      }
      cluster_max_redirections = 0
      cluster_nodes = [
        {
          ip   = "...my_ip..."
          port = 21415
        }
      ]
      connect_timeout       = 1914874679
      connection_is_proxied = true
      database              = 7
      host                  = "...my_host..."
      keepalive_backlog     = 2023529059
      keepalive_pool_size   = 1633101853
      password              = "...my_password..."
      port                  = 6907
      prefix                = "...my_prefix..."
      read_timeout          = 1468960257
      send_timeout          = 1619402496
      sentinel_master       = "...my_sentinel_master..."
      sentinel_nodes = [
        {
          host = "...my_host..."
          port = 44971
        }
      ]
      sentinel_password = "...my_sentinel_password..."
      sentinel_role     = "any"
      sentinel_username = "...my_sentinel_username..."
      server_name       = "...my_server_name..."
      socket            = "...my_socket..."
      ssl               = true
      ssl_verify        = false
      username          = "...my_username..."
    }
    request_digest_algorithm          = "SHA256"
    request_signature_algorithm       = "SHA384"
    request_signing_certificate       = "...my_request_signing_certificate..."
    request_signing_key               = "...my_request_signing_key..."
    response_digest_algorithm         = "SHA256"
    response_encryption_key           = "...my_response_encryption_key..."
    response_signature_algorithm      = "SHA384"
    session_absolute_timeout          = 8.17
    session_audience                  = "...my_session_audience..."
    session_cookie_domain             = "...my_session_cookie_domain..."
    session_cookie_http_only          = true
    session_cookie_name               = "...my_session_cookie_name..."
    session_cookie_path               = "...my_session_cookie_path..."
    session_cookie_same_site          = "None"
    session_cookie_secure             = true
    session_enforce_same_subject      = true
    session_hash_storage_key          = false
    session_hash_subject              = false
    session_idling_timeout            = 3.44
    session_memcached_host            = "...my_session_memcached_host..."
    session_memcached_port            = 59429
    session_memcached_prefix          = "...my_session_memcached_prefix..."
    session_memcached_socket          = "...my_session_memcached_socket..."
    session_remember                  = false
    session_remember_absolute_timeout = 4.84
    session_remember_cookie_name      = "...my_session_remember_cookie_name..."
    session_remember_rolling_timeout  = 7.93
    session_request_headers = [
      "absolute-timeout"
    ]
    session_response_headers = [
      "absolute-timeout"
    ]
    session_rolling_timeout      = 5.35
    session_secret               = "...my_session_secret..."
    session_storage              = "cookie"
    session_store_metadata       = false
    validate_assertion_signature = true
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 8
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols. Default: ["grpc","grpcs","http","https"]
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `assertion_consumer_path` (String) A string representing a URL path, such as /path/to/resource. Must start with a forward slash (/) and must not contain empty segments (i.e., two consecutive forward slashes).
- `idp_sso_url` (String) A string representing a URL, such as https://example.com/path/to/resource?q=search.
- `issuer` (String) The unique identifier of the IdP application. Formatted as a URL containing information about the IdP so the SP can validate that the SAML assertions it receives are issued from the correct IdP.
- `session_secret` (String) The session secret. This must be a random string of 32 characters from the base64 alphabet (letters, numbers, `/`, `_` and `+`). It is used as the secret key for encrypting session data as well as state information that is sent to the IdP in the authentication exchange.

Optional:

- `anonymous` (String) An optional string (consumer UUID or username) value to use as an “anonymous” consumer. If not set, a Kong Consumer must exist for the SAML IdP user credentials, mapping the username format to the Kong Consumer username.
- `idp_certificate` (String) The public certificate provided by the IdP. This is used to validate responses from the IdP.  Only include the contents of the certificate. Do not include the header (`BEGIN CERTIFICATE`) and footer (`END CERTIFICATE`) lines.
- `nameid_format` (String) The requested `NameId` format. Options available are: - `Unspecified` - `EmailAddress` - `Persistent` - `Transient`. Default: "EmailAddress"; must be one of ["EmailAddress", "Persistent", "Transient", "Unspecified"]
- `redis` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis))
- `request_digest_algorithm` (String) The digest algorithm for Authn requests: - `SHA256` - `SHA1`. Default: "SHA256"; must be one of ["SHA1", "SHA256"]
- `request_signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm for signing Authn requests. Options available are: - `SHA256` - `SHA384` - `SHA512`. Default: "SHA256"; must be one of ["SHA256", "SHA384", "SHA512"]
- `request_signing_certificate` (String) The certificate for signing requests.
- `request_signing_key` (String) The private key for signing requests.  If this parameter is set, requests sent to the IdP are signed.  The `request_signing_certificate` parameter must be set as well.
- `response_digest_algorithm` (String) The algorithm for verifying digest in SAML responses: - `SHA256` - `SHA1`. Default: "SHA256"; must be one of ["SHA1", "SHA256"]
- `response_encryption_key` (String) The private encryption key required to decrypt encrypted assertions.
- `response_signature_algorithm` (String) The algorithm for validating signatures in SAML responses. Options available are: - `SHA256` - `SHA384` - `SHA512`. Default: "SHA256"; must be one of ["SHA256", "SHA384", "SHA512"]
- `session_absolute_timeout` (Number) The session cookie absolute timeout in seconds. Specifies how long the session can be used until it is no longer valid. Default: 86400
- `session_audience` (String) The session audience, for example "my-application". Default: "default"
- `session_cookie_domain` (String) The session cookie domain flag.
- `session_cookie_http_only` (Boolean) Forbids JavaScript from accessing the cookie, for example, through the `Document.cookie` property. Default: true
- `session_cookie_name` (String) The session cookie name. Default: "session"
- `session_cookie_path` (String) A string representing a URL path, such as /path/to/resource. Must start with a forward slash (/) and must not contain empty segments (i.e., two consecutive forward slashes). Default: "/"
- `session_cookie_same_site` (String) Controls whether a cookie is sent with cross-origin requests, providing some protection against cross-site request forgery attacks. Default: "Lax"; must be one of ["Default", "Lax", "None", "Strict"]
- `session_cookie_secure` (Boolean) The cookie is only sent to the server when a request is made with the https:scheme (except on localhost), and therefore is more resistant to man-in-the-middle attacks.
- `session_enforce_same_subject` (Boolean) When set to `true`, audiences are forced to share the same subject. Default: false
- `session_hash_storage_key` (Boolean) When set to `true`, the storage key (session ID) is hashed for extra security. Hashing the storage key means it is impossible to decrypt data from the storage without a cookie. Default: false
- `session_hash_subject` (Boolean) When set to `true`, the value of subject is hashed before being stored. Only applies when `session_store_metadata` is enabled. Default: false
- `session_idling_timeout` (Number) The session cookie idle time in seconds. Default: 900
- `session_memcached_host` (String) The memcached host. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `session_memcached_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 11211
- `session_memcached_prefix` (String) The memcached session key prefix.
- `session_memcached_socket` (String) The memcached unix socket path.
- `session_remember` (Boolean) Enables or disables persistent sessions. Default: false
- `session_remember_absolute_timeout` (Number) Persistent session absolute timeout in seconds. Default: 2592000
- `session_remember_cookie_name` (String) Persistent session cookie name. Default: "remember"
- `session_remember_rolling_timeout` (Number) Persistent session rolling timeout in seconds. Default: 604800
- `session_request_headers` (List of String)
- `session_response_headers` (List of String)
- `session_rolling_timeout` (Number) The session cookie absolute timeout in seconds. Specifies how long the session can be used until it is no longer valid. Default: 3600
- `session_storage` (String) The session storage for session data: - `cookie`: stores session data with the session cookie. The session cannot be invalidated or revoked without changing the session secret, but is stateless, and doesn't require a database. - `memcached`: stores session data in memcached - `redis`: stores session data in Redis. Default: "cookie"; must be one of ["cookie", "memcache", "memcached", "redis"]
- `session_store_metadata` (Boolean) Configures whether or not session metadata should be stored. This includes information about the active sessions for the `specific_audience` belonging to a specific subject. Default: false
- `validate_assertion_signature` (Boolean) Enable signature validation for SAML responses. Default: true

<a id="nestedatt--config--redis"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis`

Optional:

- `cloud_authentication` (Attributes) Cloud auth related configs for connecting to a Cloud Provider's Redis instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--cloud_authentication))
- `cluster_max_redirections` (Number) Maximum retry attempts for redirection. Default: 5
- `cluster_nodes` (Attributes List) Cluster addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Cluster. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `connection_is_proxied` (Boolean) If the connection to Redis is proxied (e.g. Envoy), set it `true`. Set the `host` and `port` to point to the proxy address. Default: false
- `database` (Number) Database to use for the Redis connection when using the `redis` strategy. Default: 0
- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `keepalive_backlog` (Number) Limits the total number of opened connections for a pool. If the connection pool is full, connection queues above the limit go into the backlog queue. If the backlog queue is full, subsequent connect operations fail and return `nil`. Queued operations (subject to set timeouts) resume once the number of connections in the pool is less than `keepalive_pool_size`. If latency is high or throughput is low, try increasing this value. Empirically, this value is larger than `keepalive_pool_size`.
- `keepalive_pool_size` (Number) The size limit for every cosocket connection pool associated with every remote server, per worker process. If neither `keepalive_pool_size` nor `keepalive_backlog` is specified, no pool is created. If `keepalive_pool_size` isn't specified but `keepalive_backlog` is specified, then the pool uses the default value. Try to increase (e.g. 512) this value if latency is high or throughput is low. Default: 256
- `password` (String) Password to use for Redis connections. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis.
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379
- `prefix` (String) The Redis session key prefix.
- `read_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `send_timeout` (Number) An integer representing a timeout in milliseconds. Must be between 0 and 2^31-2. Default: 2000
- `sentinel_master` (String) Sentinel master to use for Redis connections. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel.
- `sentinel_nodes` (Attributes List) Sentinel node addresses to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this field implies using a Redis Sentinel. The minimum length of the array is 1 element. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes))
- `sentinel_password` (String) Sentinel password to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, no AUTH commands are sent to Redis Sentinels.
- `sentinel_role` (String) Sentinel role to use for Redis connections when the `redis` strategy is defined. Defining this value implies using Redis Sentinel. must be one of ["any", "master", "slave"]
- `sentinel_username` (String) Sentinel username to authenticate with a Redis Sentinel instance. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.2.0+.
- `server_name` (String) A string representing an SNI (server name indication) value for TLS.
- `socket` (String) The Redis unix socket path.
- `ssl` (Boolean) If set to true, uses SSL to connect to Redis. Default: false
- `ssl_verify` (Boolean) If set to true, verifies the validity of the server SSL certificate. If setting this parameter, also configure `lua_ssl_trusted_certificate` in `kong.conf` to specify the CA (or server) certificate used by your Redis server. You may also need to configure `lua_ssl_verify_depth` accordingly. Default: false
- `username` (String) Username to use for Redis connections. If undefined, ACL authentication won't be performed. This requires Redis v6.0.0+. To be compatible with Redis v5.x.y, you can set it to `default`.

<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--cloud_authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.cloud_authentication`

Optional:

- `auth_provider` (String) Auth providers to be used to authenticate to a Cloud Provider's Redis instance. must be one of ["aws", "azure", "gcp"]
- `aws_access_key_id` (String) AWS Access Key ID to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `aws_assume_role_arn` (String) The ARN of the IAM role to assume for generating ElastiCache IAM authentication tokens.
- `aws_cache_name` (String) The name of the AWS Elasticache cluster when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `aws_is_serverless` (Boolean) This flag specifies whether the cluster is serverless when auth_provider is set to `aws`. Default: true
- `aws_region` (String) The region of the AWS ElastiCache cluster when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `aws_role_session_name` (String) The session name for the temporary credentials when assuming the IAM role.
- `aws_secret_access_key` (String) AWS Secret Access Key to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `aws`.
- `azure_client_id` (String) Azure Client ID to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `azure`.
- `azure_client_secret` (String) Azure Client Secret to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `azure`.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Azure Tenant ID to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `azure`.
- `gcp_service_account_json` (String) GCP Service Account JSON to be used for authentication when `auth_provider` is set to `gcp`.


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--cluster_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.cluster_nodes`

Optional:

- `ip` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379


<a id="nestedatt--config--redis--sentinel_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redis.sentinel_nodes`

Optional:

- `host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com. Default: "127.0.0.1"
- `port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive. Default: 6379




<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_gateway_plugin_saml.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_saml
  id = jsonencode({
    control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_saml.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_saml '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
