---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_canary Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginCanary Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_canary (Resource)

GatewayPluginCanary Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_canary" "my_gatewayplugincanary" {
  config = {
    canary_by_header_name = "...my_canary_by_header_name..."
    duration              = 0.88
    groups = [
      "..."
    ]
    hash              = "ip"
    hash_header       = "...my_hash_header..."
    percentage        = 35.35
    start             = 7.39
    steps             = 5.98
    upstream_fallback = false
    upstream_host     = "...my_upstream_host..."
    upstream_port     = 15742
    upstream_uri      = "...my_upstream_uri..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 10
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpc"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied. Default: true
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `canary_by_header_name` (String) A string representing an HTTP header name.
- `duration` (Number) The duration of the canary release in seconds. Default: 3600
- `groups` (List of String) The groups allowed to access the canary release.
- `hash` (String) Hash algorithm to be used for canary release.

* `consumer`: The hash will be based on the consumer.
* `ip`: The hash will be based on the client IP address.
* `none`: No hash will be applied.
* `allow`: Allows the specified groups to access the canary release.
* `deny`: Denies the specified groups from accessing the canary release.
* `header`: The hash will be based on the specified header value.
Default: "consumer"; must be one of ["allow", "consumer", "deny", "header", "ip", "none"]
- `hash_header` (String) A string representing an HTTP header name.
- `percentage` (Number) The percentage of traffic to be routed to the canary release.
- `start` (Number) Future time in seconds since epoch, when the canary release will start. Ignored when `percentage` is set, or when using `allow` or `deny` in `hash`.
- `steps` (Number) The number of steps for the canary release. Default: 1000
- `upstream_fallback` (Boolean) Specifies whether to fallback to the upstream server if the canary release fails. Default: false
- `upstream_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `upstream_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `upstream_uri` (String) The URI of the upstream server to be used for the canary release.


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_canary.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_canary '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
