---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_forward_proxy Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginForwardProxy Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_forward_proxy (Resource)

GatewayPluginForwardProxy Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_forward_proxy" "my_gatewaypluginforwardproxy" {
  config = {
    auth_password    = "...my_auth_password..."
    auth_username    = "...my_auth_username..."
    http_proxy_host  = "...my_http_proxy_host..."
    http_proxy_port  = 61130
    https_proxy_host = "...my_https_proxy_host..."
    https_proxy_port = 38011
    https_verify     = false
    proxy_scheme     = "http"
    x_headers        = "delete"
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "https"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `auth_password` (String) The password to authenticate with, if the forward proxy is protected
by basic authentication.
- `auth_username` (String) The username to authenticate with, if the forward proxy is protected
by basic authentication.
- `http_proxy_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `http_proxy_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `https_proxy_host` (String) A string representing a host name, such as example.com.
- `https_proxy_port` (Number) An integer representing a port number between 0 and 65535, inclusive.
- `https_verify` (Boolean) Whether the server certificate will be verified according to the CA certificates specified in lua_ssl_trusted_certificate.
- `proxy_scheme` (String) The proxy scheme to use when connecting. Only `http` is supported. must be "http"
- `x_headers` (String) Determines how to handle headers when forwarding the request. must be one of ["append", "delete", "transparent"]


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_forward_proxy.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_forward_proxy "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
