---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_acl Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginACL Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_acl (Resource)

GatewayPluginACL Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_acl" "my_gatewaypluginacl" {
  config = {
    allow = [
      "..."
    ]
    always_use_authenticated_groups = false
    deny = [
      "..."
    ]
    hide_groups_header      = false
    include_consumer_groups = false
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  enabled          = false
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allow` (List of String) Arbitrary group names that are allowed to consume the service or route. One of `config.allow` or `config.deny` must be specified.
- `always_use_authenticated_groups` (Boolean) If enabled (`true`), the authenticated groups will always be used even when an authenticated consumer already exists. If the authenticated groups don't exist, it will fallback to use the groups associated with the consumer. By default the authenticated groups will only be used when there is no consumer or the consumer is anonymous.
- `deny` (List of String) Arbitrary group names that are not allowed to consume the service or route. One of `config.allow` or `config.deny` must be specified.
- `hide_groups_header` (Boolean) If enabled (`true`), prevents the `X-Consumer-Groups` header from being sent in the request to the upstream service.
- `include_consumer_groups` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_acl.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_acl "{ \"control_plane_id\": \"9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458\",  \"plugin_id\": \"3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d\"}"
```
