---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_azure_content_safety Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GatewayPluginAiAzureContentSafety Resource
---

# konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_azure_content_safety (Resource)

GatewayPluginAiAzureContentSafety Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_azure_content_safety" "my_gatewaypluginaiazurecontentsafety" {
  config = {
    azure_api_version          = "...my_azure_api_version..."
    azure_client_id            = "...my_azure_client_id..."
    azure_client_secret        = "...my_azure_client_secret..."
    azure_tenant_id            = "...my_azure_tenant_id..."
    azure_use_managed_identity = true
    blocklist_names = [
      "..."
    ]
    categories = [
      {
        name            = "...my_name..."
        rejection_level = 9
      }
    ]
    content_safety_key    = "...my_content_safety_key..."
    content_safety_url    = "...my_content_safety_url..."
    halt_on_blocklist_hit = false
    output_type           = "FourSeverityLevels"
    reveal_failure_reason = false
    text_source           = "concatenate_user_content"
  }
  control_plane_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  created_at       = 10
  enabled          = true
  id               = "...my_id..."
  instance_name    = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "https"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `control_plane_id` (String) The UUID of your control plane. This variable is available in the Konnect manager. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `content_safety_url` (String) Full URL, inc protocol, of the Azure Content Safety instance.

Optional:

- `azure_api_version` (String) Sets the ?api-version URL parameter, used for defining the Azure Content Services interchange format.
- `azure_client_id` (String) If `azure_use_managed_identity` is true, set the client ID if required.
- `azure_client_secret` (String) If `azure_use_managed_identity` is true, set the client secret if required.
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) If `azure_use_managed_identity` is true, set the tenant ID if required.
- `azure_use_managed_identity` (Boolean) If checked, uses (if set) `azure_client_id`, `azure_client_secret`, and/or `azure_tenant_id` for Azure authentication, via Managed or User-assigned identity
- `blocklist_names` (List of String) Use these configured blocklists (in Azure Content Services) when inspecting content.
- `categories` (Attributes List) Array of categories, and their thresholds, to measure on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--categories))
- `content_safety_key` (String) If `azure_use_managed_identity` is true, set the API key to call Content Safety.
- `halt_on_blocklist_hit` (Boolean) Tells Azure to reject the request if any blocklist filter is hit.
- `output_type` (String) See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/content-filter#content-filtering-categories. must be one of ["EightSeverityLevels", "FourSeverityLevels"]
- `reveal_failure_reason` (Boolean) Set true to tell the caller why their request was rejected, if so.
- `text_source` (String) Select where to pick the 'text' for the Azure Content Services request. must be one of ["concatenate_all_content", "concatenate_user_content"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.categories`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Not Null
- `rejection_level` (Number) Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_azure_content_safety.my_konnect_gateway_plugin_ai_azure_content_safety '{"control_plane_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"}'
```
