---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_identity_provider Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  IdentityProvider Resource
---

# konnect_identity_provider (Resource)

IdentityProvider Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_identity_provider" "my_identityprovider" {
  config = {
    saml_identity_provider_config = {
      idp_metadata_url = "https://mocksaml.com/api/saml/metadata"
      idp_metadata_xml = "<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"UTF-8\"?>\n<EntityDescriptor xmlns=\"urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:metadata\">\n  <!-- SAML metadata content here -->\n</EntityDescriptor>\n"
    }
  }
  enabled    = true
  login_path = "myapp"
  type       = "oidc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the identity provider is enabled.
Only one identity provider can be active at a time, such as SAML or OIDC.
Default: false
- `login_path` (String) The path used for initiating login requests with the identity provider.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of identity provider. must be one of ["oidc", "saml"]; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) ID of the identity provider.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `oidc_identity_provider_config` (Attributes) The identity provider that contains configuration data for the OIDC authentication integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--oidc_identity_provider_config))
- `saml_identity_provider_config` (Attributes) The identity provider that contains configuration data for the SAML authentication integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--saml_identity_provider_config))

<a id="nestedatt--config--oidc_identity_provider_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.oidc_identity_provider_config`

Optional:

- `claim_mappings` (Attributes) Defines the mappings between OpenID Connect (OIDC) claims and local claims used by your application for 
authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--oidc_identity_provider_config--claim_mappings))
- `client_id` (String) The client ID assigned to your application by the identity provider. Not Null
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Client Secret assigned to your application by the identity provider.
- `issuer_url` (String) The issuer URI of the identity provider. This is the URL where the provider's metadata can be obtained. Not Null
- `scopes` (List of String) The scopes requested by your application when authenticating with the identity provider. Default: ["email","openid","profile"]

<a id="nestedatt--config--oidc_identity_provider_config--claim_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.oidc_identity_provider_config.claim_mappings`

Optional:

- `email` (String) The claim mapping for the user's email address. Default: "email"
- `groups` (String) The claim mapping for the user's group membership information. Default: "groups"
- `name` (String) The claim mapping for the user's name. Default: "name"



<a id="nestedatt--config--saml_identity_provider_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.saml_identity_provider_config`

Optional:

- `idp_metadata_url` (String) The identity provider's metadata URL where the identity provider's metadata can be obtained.
- `idp_metadata_xml` (String) The identity provider's SAML metadata. If the identity provider supports a metadata URL, you can use the `idp_metadata_url` field instead.

Read-Only:

- `callback_url` (String) The path URL where the SAML identity provider sends authentication responses after successful login attempts.
- `login_url` (String) The URL to redirect users to for initiating login with the identity provider.
- `sp_entity_id` (String) The entity ID of the service provider (SP).
- `sp_metadata_url` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_identity_provider.my_konnect_identity_provider
  id = "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_identity_provider.my_konnect_identity_provider "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
```
