---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_identity_auth_server Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  IdentityAuthServer Resource
---

# konnect_identity_auth_server (Resource)

IdentityAuthServer Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_identity_auth_server" "my_identityauthserver" {
  audience      = "...my_audience..."
  description   = "...my_description..."
  force_destroy = "false"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name              = "...my_name..."
  signing_algorithm = "RS256"
  trusted_origins = [
    "https://example.com"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `audience` (String) The recipients that the tokens are intended for. This becomes the 'aud' claim in an access token
- `name` (String) The name of the auth server

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the auth server
- `force_destroy` (String) If true, delete the specified auth server and all its associated resources. If false, only allow deletion if no clients, scopes or claims are associated with the auth server. Default: "false"; must be one of ["true", "false"]
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `signing_algorithm` (String) Algorithm used in the key signing process. possible known values include one of ["RS256", "RS384", "RS512", "PS256", "PS384", "PS512"]; Default: "RS256"
- `trusted_origins` (List of String) A list or trusted origins to apply the CORS header on for the auth server

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The ID of the auth server
- `issuer` (String) The complete URL for the custom authorization server. This becomes the 'iss' claim in an access token.
- `jwks_uri` (String) The URI of the JWKS endpoint for the auth server
- `metadata_uri` (String) The URI of the metadata document for the auth server
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_identity_auth_server.my_konnect_identity_auth_server
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_identity_auth_server.my_konnect_identity_auth_server "..."
```
