---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_integration_instance Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  IntegrationInstance Resource
---

# konnect_integration_instance (Resource)

IntegrationInstance Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_integration_instance" "my_integrationinstance" {
  config           = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  description      = "...my_description..."
  display_name     = "AWS (prod)"
  integration_name = "aws-lambda"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name = "aws-lambda-prod"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) JSON object representing configuration specific to the integration instance.
The expected schema depends on the integration type and is dynamically registered at runtime.
Parsed as JSON.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the integration instance.
- `integration_name` (String) The type of integration instance to create. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) The machine name of the integration instance that uniquely identifies it within the catalog.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optionally provide a description of the integration instance.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".

### Read-Only

- `authorized` (Boolean) Denotes whether the integration instance has been authorized within the catalog.
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The `id` of the integration instance.
- `integration` (Attributes) Short-hand descriptor of an integration that omits instance metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration))
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String)
- `name` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_integration_instance.my_konnect_integration_instance
  id = "3f51fa25-310a-421d-bd1a-007f859021a3"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_integration_instance.my_konnect_integration_instance "3f51fa25-310a-421d-bd1a-007f859021a3"
```
