---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeshMultiZoneService Resource
---

# konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service (Resource)

MeshMultiZoneService Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service" "my_meshmultizoneservice" {
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  labels = {
    key = "value",
  }
  mesh = "...my_mesh..."
  name = "...my_name..."
  spec = {
    ports = [
      {
        app_protocol = "...my_app_protocol..."
        name         = "...my_name..."
        port         = 5
      }
    ]
    selector = {
      mesh_service = {
        match_labels = {
          key = "value",
        }
      }
    }
  }
  type = "MeshMultiZoneService"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource
- `mesh` (String) name of the mesh
- `name` (String) name of the MeshMultiZoneService
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshMultiZoneService resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `type` (String) the type of the resource. must be "MeshMultiZoneService"

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) The labels to help identity resources

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Time at which the resource was created
- `modification_time` (String) Time at which the resource was updated
- `status` (Attributes) Status is the current status of the Kuma MeshMultiZoneService resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `warnings` (List of String) warnings is a list of warning messages to return to the requesting Kuma API clients.
Warning messages describe a problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `selector` (Attributes) Selector is a way to select multiple MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector))

Optional:

- `ports` (Attributes List) Ports is a list of ports from selected MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector`

Required:

- `mesh_service` (Attributes) MeshService selects MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--selector--mesh_service))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--selector--mesh_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.selector.mesh_service`

Required:

- `match_labels` (Map of String) MatchLabels matches multiple MeshServices by labels



<a id="nestedatt--spec--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ports`

Optional:

- `app_protocol` (String) Protocol identifies a protocol supported by a service. Default: "tcp"
- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number) Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (Attributes List) Addresses is a list of addresses generated by HostnameGenerator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--addresses))
- `hostname_generators` (Attributes List) Status of hostnames generator applied on this resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--hostname_generators))
- `mesh_services` (Attributes List) MeshServices is a list of matched MeshServices (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--mesh_services))
- `vips` (Attributes List) VIPs is a list of assigned Kuma VIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--vips))

<a id="nestedatt--status--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.addresses`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String)
- `hostname_generator_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--addresses--hostname_generator_ref))
- `origin` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--status--addresses--hostname_generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.addresses.hostname_generator_ref`

Read-Only:

- `core_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--status--hostname_generators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.hostname_generators`

Read-Only:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) Conditions is an array of hostname generator conditions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--hostname_generators--conditions))
- `hostname_generator_ref` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--hostname_generators--hostname_generator_ref))

<a id="nestedatt--status--hostname_generators--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.hostname_generators.conditions`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String) message is a human readable message indicating details about the transition.
This may be an empty string.
- `reason` (String) reason contains a programmatic identifier indicating the reason for the condition's last transition.
Producers of specific condition types may define expected values and meanings for this field,
and whether the values are considered a guaranteed API.
The value should be a CamelCase string.
This field may not be empty.
- `status` (String) status of the condition, one of True, False, Unknown. must be one of ["True", "False", "Unknown"]
- `type` (String) type of condition in CamelCase or in foo.example.com/CamelCase.


<a id="nestedatt--status--hostname_generators--hostname_generator_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.hostname_generators.hostname_generator_ref`

Read-Only:

- `core_name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--status--mesh_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.mesh_services`

Read-Only:

- `mesh` (String)
- `name` (String) Name is a core name of MeshService
- `namespace` (String)
- `zone` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--status--vips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.vips`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service.my_konnect_mesh_multi_zone_service "{ \"cp_id\": \"bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b\",  \"mesh\": \"\",  \"name\": \"\"}"
```
