---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_mesh_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeshGateway Resource
---

# konnect_mesh_gateway (Resource)

MeshGateway Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_mesh_gateway" "my_meshgateway" {
  conf = {
    listeners = [
      {
        cross_mesh = true
        hostname   = "...my_hostname..."
        port       = 5
        protocol = {
          integer = 4
          str     = "...my_str..."
        }
        resources = {
          connection_limit = 5
        }
        tags = {
          key = "value",
        }
        tls = {
          certificates = [
            {
              type = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
            }
          ]
          mode = {
            integer = 4
            str     = "...my_str..."
          }
          options = {
            # ...
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  labels = {
    key = "value",
  }
  mesh = "...my_mesh..."
  name = "...my_name..."
  selectors = [
    {
      match = {
        key = "value",
      }
    }
  ]
  tags = {
    key = "value",
  }
  type = "...my_type..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource
- `mesh` (String) name of the mesh
- `name` (String) name of the MeshGateway
- `type` (String)

### Optional

- `conf` (Attributes) The desired configuration of the MeshGateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `selectors` (Attributes List) Selectors is a list of selectors that are used to match builtin
gateway dataplanes that will receive this MeshGateway configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--selectors))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags is the set of tags common to all of the gateway's listeners.

This field must not include a `kuma.io/service` tag (the service is always
defined on the dataplanes).

### Read-Only

- `warnings` (List of String) warnings is a list of warning messages to return to the requesting Kuma API clients.
Warning messages describe a problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of.

<a id="nestedatt--conf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf`

Optional:

- `listeners` (Attributes List) Listeners define logical endpoints that are bound on this MeshGateway's
address(es). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf--listeners))

<a id="nestedatt--conf--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf.listeners`

Optional:

- `cross_mesh` (Boolean) CrossMesh enables traffic to flow to this listener only from other
meshes.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname specifies the virtual hostname to match for protocol types that
define this concept. When unspecified, "", or `*`, all hostnames are
matched. This field can be omitted for protocols that don't require
hostname based matching.
- `port` (Number) Port is the network port. Multiple listeners may use the
same port, subject to the Listener compatibility rules.
- `protocol` (Attributes) Protocol specifies the network protocol this listener expects to receive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf--listeners--protocol))
- `resources` (Attributes) Resources is used to specify listener-specific resource settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf--listeners--resources))
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags specifies a unique combination of tags that routes can use
to match themselves to this listener.

When matching routes to listeners, the control plane constructs a
set of matching tags for each listener by forming the union of the
gateway tags and the listener tags. A route will be attached to the
listener if all of the route's tags are preset in the matching tags
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS is the TLS configuration for the Listener. This field
is required if the Protocol field is "HTTPS" or "TLS" and
ignored otherwise. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--conf--listeners--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf.listeners.protocol`

Optional:

- `integer` (Number)
- `str` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--conf--listeners--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf.listeners.resources`

Optional:

- `connection_limit` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf.listeners.tls`

Optional:

- `certificates` (Attributes List) Certificates is an array of datasources that contain TLS
certificates and private keys.  Each datasource must contain a
sequence of PEM-encoded objects. The server certificate and private
key are required, but additional certificates are allowed and will
be added to the certificate chain.  The server certificate must
be the first certificate in the datasource.

When multiple certificate datasources are configured, they must have
different key types. In practice, this means that one datasource
should contain an RSA key and certificate, and the other an
ECDSA key and certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls--certificates))
- `mode` (Attributes) Mode defines the TLS behavior for the TLS session initiated
by the client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls--mode))
- `options` (Attributes) Options should eventually configure how TLS is configured. This
is where cipher suite and version configuration can be specified,
client certificates enforced, and so on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls--options))

<a id="nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf.listeners.tls.certificates`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Types that are assignable to Type:

	*DataSource_Secret
	*DataSource_File
	*DataSource_Inline
	*DataSource_InlineString
Not Null; Parsed as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls--mode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf.listeners.tls.mode`

Optional:

- `integer` (Number)
- `str` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--conf--listeners--tls--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conf.listeners.tls.options`





<a id="nestedatt--selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selectors`

Optional:

- `match` (Map of String) Tags to match, can be used for both source and destinations

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_mesh_gateway.my_konnect_mesh_gateway "{ \"cp_id\": \"bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b\",  \"mesh\": \"\",  \"name\": \"\"}"
```
