---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_metering_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeteringSubscription Resource
---

# konnect_metering_subscription (Resource)

MeteringSubscription Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_metering_subscription" "my_meteringsubscription" {
  billing_anchor = "2023-01-01T01:01:01.001Z"
  customer = {
    id  = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
    key = "019ae40f-4258-7f15-9491-842f42a7d6ac"
  }
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  plan = {
    id      = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
    key     = "resource_key"
    version = 8
  }
  timing = "immediate"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `customer` (Attributes) The customer to create the subscription for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--customer))
- `plan` (Attributes) The plan reference of the subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--plan))

### Optional

- `billing_anchor` (String) A billing anchor is the fixed point in time that determines the subscription's
recurring billing cycle. It affects when charges occur and how prorations are
calculated. Common anchors:

- Calendar month (1st of each month): `2025-01-01T00:00:00Z`
- Subscription anniversary (day customer signed up)
- Custom date (customer-specified day)

If not provided, the subscription will be created with the subscription's
creation time as the billing anchor.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `timing` (String) Subscription edit timing. Use `immediate` to apply changes right away, or
`next_billing_cycle` to apply them at the start of the next billing cycle.
Alternatively, provide an ISO 8601 date-time string (e.g.
`2025-01-15T00:00:00Z`) to schedule the changes for a specific date and time.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `customer_id` (String) The customer ID of the subscription.
- `deleted_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity deletion date.
- `id` (String) ULID (Universally Unique Lexicographically Sortable Identifier).
- `plan_id` (String) The plan ID of the subscription. Set if subscription is created from a plan.
- `status` (String) The status of the subscription.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity last update date.

<a id="nestedatt--customer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `customer`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the customer to create the subscription for.

Either customer ID or customer key must be provided. If both are provided, the
ID will be used.
- `key` (String) The key of the customer to create the subscription for.

Either customer ID or customer key must be provided. If both are provided, the
ID will be used.


<a id="nestedatt--plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The plan ID of the subscription. Set if subscription is created from a plan.

ID or Key of the plan is required if creating a subscription from a plan. If
both are provided, the ID will be used.
- `key` (String) The plan Key of the subscription, if any. Set if subscription is created from a
plan.

ID or Key of the plan is required if creating a subscription from a plan. If
both are provided, the ID will be used.
- `version` (Number) The plan version of the subscription, if any. If not provided, the latest
version of the plan will be used.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_metering_subscription.my_konnect_metering_subscription
  id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_metering_subscription.my_konnect_metering_subscription "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
```
