---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_metering_billing_profile Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeteringBillingProfile Resource
---

# konnect_metering_billing_profile (Resource)

MeteringBillingProfile Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_metering_billing_profile" "my_meteringbillingprofile" {
  apps = {
    invoicing = {
      id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
    }
    payment = {
      id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
    }
    tax = {
      id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
    }
  }
  default     = true
  description = "...my_description..."
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name = "...my_name..."
  supplier = {
    addresses = {
      billing_address = {
        city         = "...my_city..."
        country      = "US"
        line1        = "...my_line1..."
        line2        = "...my_line2..."
        phone_number = "...my_phone_number..."
        postal_code  = "...my_postal_code..."
        state        = "...my_state..."
      }
    }
    key  = "019ae40f-4258-7f15-9491-842f42a7d6ac"
    name = "...my_name..."
    tax_id = {
      code = "...my_code..."
    }
  }
  workflow = {
    collection = {
      alignment = {
        subscription = {
          type = "subscription"
        }
      }
      interval = "P1D"
    }
    invoicing = {
      auto_advance        = true
      draft_period        = "P1D"
      progressive_billing = true
    }
    payment = {
      charge_automatically = {
        collection_method = "charge_automatically"
      }
    }
    tax = {
      default_tax_config = {
        behavior = "inclusive"
        external_invoicing = {
          code = "...my_code..."
        }
        stripe = {
          code = "txcd_10000000"
        }
        tax_code = {
          id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
        }
        tax_code_id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
      }
      enabled  = true
      enforced = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `apps` (Attributes) The applications used by this billing profile. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps))
- `default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default profile.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource.

Maximum 1024 characters.
- `name` (String) Display name of the resource.

Between 1 and 256 characters.
- `supplier` (Attributes) The name and contact information for the supplier this billing profile
represents (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supplier))
- `workflow` (Attributes) The billing workflow settings for this profile (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow))

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `deleted_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity deletion date.
- `id` (String) ULID (Universally Unique Lexicographically Sortable Identifier).
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity last update date.

<a id="nestedatt--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps`

Required:

- `invoicing` (Attributes) The invoicing app used for this workflow. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--invoicing))
- `payment` (Attributes) The payment app used for this workflow. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--payment))
- `tax` (Attributes) The tax app used for this workflow. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps--tax))

<a id="nestedatt--apps--invoicing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.invoicing`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the app. Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--apps--payment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.payment`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the app. Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--apps--tax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.tax`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the app. Requires replacement if changed.



<a id="nestedatt--supplier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplier`

Required:

- `addresses` (Attributes) Address for where information should be sent if needed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supplier--addresses))

Optional:

- `key` (String) An optional unique key of the party.
- `name` (String) Legal name or representation of the party.
- `tax_id` (Attributes) The entity's legal identification used for tax purposes. They may have other
numbers, but we're only interested in those valid for tax purposes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supplier--tax_id))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the party.

<a id="nestedatt--supplier--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplier.addresses`

Required:

- `billing_address` (Attributes) Billing address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--supplier--addresses--billing_address))

<a id="nestedatt--supplier--addresses--billing_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplier.addresses.billing_address`

Optional:

- `city` (String) City.
- `country` (String) Country code in [ISO 3166-1](https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html)
alpha-2 format.
- `line1` (String) First line of the address.
- `line2` (String) Second line of the address.
- `phone_number` (String) Phone number.
- `postal_code` (String) Postal code.
- `state` (String) State or province.



<a id="nestedatt--supplier--tax_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `supplier.tax_id`

Optional:

- `code` (String) Normalized tax identification code shown on the original identity document.



<a id="nestedatt--workflow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow`

Optional:

- `collection` (Attributes) The collection settings for this workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--collection))
- `invoicing` (Attributes) The invoicing settings for this workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--invoicing))
- `payment` (Attributes) The payment settings for this workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--payment))
- `tax` (Attributes) The tax settings for this workflow (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--tax))

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.collection`

Optional:

- `alignment` (Attributes) The alignment for collecting the pending line items into an invoice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment))
- `interval` (String) This grace period can be used to delay the collection of the pending line items
specified in alignment.

This is useful, in case of multiple subscriptions having slightly different
billing periods.
Default: "PT1H"

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.collection.alignment`

Optional:

- `anchored` (Attributes) BillingWorkflowCollectionAlignmentAnchored specifies the alignment for
collecting the pending line items into an invoice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment--anchored))
- `subscription` (Attributes) BillingWorkflowCollectionAlignmentSubscription specifies the alignment for
collecting the pending line items into an invoice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment--subscription))

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment--anchored"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.collection.alignment.anchored`

Optional:

- `recurring_period` (Attributes) The recurring period for the alignment. Not Null (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment--anchored--recurring_period))
- `type` (String) The type of alignment. Not Null; must be "anchored"

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment--anchored--recurring_period"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.collection.alignment.anchored.recurring_period`

Optional:

- `anchor` (String) A date-time anchor to base the recurring period on. Not Null
- `interval` (String) The interval duration in ISO 8601 format. Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--workflow--collection--alignment--subscription"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.collection.alignment.subscription`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The type of alignment. Not Null; must be "subscription"




<a id="nestedatt--workflow--invoicing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.invoicing`

Optional:

- `auto_advance` (Boolean) Whether to automatically issue the invoice after the draftPeriod has passed. Default: true
- `draft_period` (String) The period for the invoice to be kept in draft status for manual reviews. Default: "P0D"
- `progressive_billing` (Boolean) Should progressive billing be allowed for this workflow?. Default: true


<a id="nestedatt--workflow--payment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.payment`

Optional:

- `charge_automatically` (Attributes) Payment settings for a billing workflow when the collection method is charge
automatically. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--payment--charge_automatically))
- `send_invoice` (Attributes) Payment settings for a billing workflow when the collection method is send
invoice. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--payment--send_invoice))

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--payment--charge_automatically"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.payment.charge_automatically`

Optional:

- `collection_method` (String) The collection method for the invoice. Not Null; must be "charge_automatically"


<a id="nestedatt--workflow--payment--send_invoice"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.payment.send_invoice`

Optional:

- `collection_method` (String) The collection method for the invoice. Not Null; must be "send_invoice"
- `due_after` (String) The period after which the invoice is due. With some payment solutions it's only
applicable for manual collection method.
Default: "P30D"



<a id="nestedatt--workflow--tax"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.tax`

Optional:

- `default_tax_config` (Attributes) Default tax configuration to apply to the invoices for line items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable automatic tax calculation when tax is supported by the app. For example,
with Stripe Invoicing when enabled, tax is calculated via Stripe Tax.
Default: true
- `enforced` (Boolean) Enforce tax calculation when tax is supported by the app. When enabled, the
billing system will not allow to create an invoice without tax calculation.
Enforcement is different per apps, for example, Stripe app requires customer to
have a tax location when starting a paid subscription.
Default: false

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.tax.default_tax_config`

Optional:

- `behavior` (String) Tax behavior.

If not specified the billing profile is used to determine the tax behavior. If
not specified in the billing profile, the provider's default behavior is used.
possible known values include one of ["inclusive", "exclusive"]
- `external_invoicing` (Attributes, Deprecated) External invoicing tax config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config--external_invoicing))
- `stripe` (Attributes, Deprecated) Stripe tax config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config--stripe))
- `tax_code` (Attributes) Tax code reference.

When both `tax_code` and `tax_code_id` are provided, `tax_code` takes
precedence. When `stripe.code` is also provided, `tax_code` still wins and
`stripe.code` is ignored. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config--tax_code))
- `tax_code_id` (String, Deprecated) Tax code ID.

<a id="nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config--external_invoicing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.tax.default_tax_config.external_invoicing`

Optional:

- `code` (String) The tax code should be interpreted by the external invoicing provider. Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config--stripe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.tax.default_tax_config.stripe`

Optional:

- `code` (String) Product [tax code](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/tax-codes). Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--workflow--tax--default_tax_config--tax_code"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workflow.tax.default_tax_config.tax_code`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ULID (Universally Unique Lexicographically Sortable Identifier). Not Null

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_metering_billing_profile.my_konnect_metering_billing_profile
  id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_metering_billing_profile.my_konnect_metering_billing_profile "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
```
