---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_metering_meter Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeteringMeter Resource
---

# konnect_metering_meter (Resource)

MeteringMeter Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_metering_meter" "my_meteringmeter" {
  aggregation = "count"
  description = "...my_description..."
  dimensions = {
    key = "value"
  }
  event_type  = "prompt"
  events_from = "2023-01-01T01:01:01.001Z"
  key         = "resource_key"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name           = "...my_name..."
  value_property = "$.tokens"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `aggregation` (String) The aggregation type to use for the meter. possible known values include one of ["sum", "count", "unique_count", "avg", "min", "max", "latest"]; Requires replacement if changed.
- `event_type` (String) The event type to include in the aggregation. Requires replacement if changed.
- `key` (String) A key is a unique string that is used to identify a resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) Display name of the resource.

Between 1 and 256 characters.
Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource.

Maximum 1024 characters.
Requires replacement if changed.
- `dimensions` (Map of String) Named JSONPath expressions to extract the group by values from the event data.

Keys must be unique and consist only alphanumeric and underscore characters.
Requires replacement if changed.
- `events_from` (String) The date since the meter should include events. Useful to skip old events. If
not specified, all historical events are included.
Requires replacement if changed.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
Requires replacement if changed.
- `value_property` (String) JSONPath expression to extract the value from the ingested event's data
property.

The ingested value for sum, avg, min, and max aggregations is a number or a
string that can be parsed to a number.

For unique_count aggregation, the ingested value must be a string. For count
aggregation the value_property is ignored.
Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `deleted_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity deletion date.
- `id` (String) ULID (Universally Unique Lexicographically Sortable Identifier).
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity last update date.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_metering_meter.my_konnect_metering_meter
  id = "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_metering_meter.my_konnect_metering_meter "01G65Z755AFWAKHE12NY0CQ9FH"
```
