---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_portal_custom_domain Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PortalCustomDomain Resource
---

# konnect_portal_custom_domain (Resource)

PortalCustomDomain Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_portal_custom_domain" "my_portalcustomdomain" {
  enabled   = false
  hostname  = "...my_hostname..."
  portal_id = "f32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
  ssl = {
    custom_certificate         = "...my_custom_certificate..."
    custom_private_key         = "...my_custom_private_key..."
    domain_verification_method = "custom_certificate"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `hostname` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `portal_id` (String) The Portal identifier
- `ssl` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl))

### Read-Only

- `cname_status` (String) must be one of ["verified", "pending"]
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--ssl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl`

Optional:

- `custom_certificate` (String) Custom certificate to be used for the SSL termination. Only used when domain_verification_method == "custom_certificate". Requires replacement if changed.
- `custom_private_key` (String) Custom certificate private key to be used for the SSL termination. Only used when domain_verification_method == "custom_certificate". Requires replacement if changed.
- `domain_verification_method` (String) must be one of ["custom_certificate", "http"]; Requires replacement if changed.

Read-Only:

- `expires_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of the ssl certificate expiration date.
- `skip_ca_check` (Boolean) True when the provided certificate chain is served as-is without validation against a public trust store.
- `uploaded_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of the ssl certificate upload date.
- `validation_errors` (List of String)
- `verification_status` (String) must be one of ["verified", "pending", "error"]

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_portal_custom_domain.my_konnect_portal_custom_domain
  id = "f32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_portal_custom_domain.my_konnect_portal_custom_domain "f32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
```
