---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_portal_product_version Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PortalProductVersion Resource
---

# konnect_portal_product_version (Resource)

PortalProductVersion Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_portal_product_version" "my_portalproductversion" {
  application_registration_enabled = true
  auth_strategy_ids = [
  ]
  auto_approve_registration = true
  deprecated                = false
  notify_developers         = false
  portal_id                 = "f32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
  product_version_id        = "5f9fd312-a987-4628-b4c5-bb4f4fddd5f7"
  publish_status            = "published"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_registration_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the application registration on this portal for the api product version is enabled
- `auth_strategy_ids` (List of String) A list of authentication strategy IDs
- `auto_approve_registration` (Boolean) Whether the application registration auto approval on this portal for the api product version is enabled
- `deprecated` (Boolean) Whether the api product version on the portal is deprecated
- `portal_id` (String) The Portal identifier
- `product_version_id` (String) API product version identifier
- `publish_status` (String) Publication status of the API product version on the portal. must be one of ["published", "unpublished"]

### Optional

- `notify_developers` (Boolean) Whether to notify developers who are affected by this change

### Read-Only

- `auth_strategies` (Attributes List) A list of authentication strategies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategies))
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) Contains a unique identifier used for this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategies`

Read-Only:

- `client_credentials` (Attributes) Client Credential Auth strategy that the application uses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategies--client_credentials))
- `key_auth` (Attributes) KeyAuth Auth strategy that the application uses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategies--key_auth))

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategies--client_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategies.client_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `auth_methods` (List of String)
- `available_scopes` (List of String) Possible developer selectable scopes for an application. Only present when using DCR Provider that supports it.
- `credential_type` (String)
- `id` (String) The Application Auth Strategy ID.
- `name` (String) Default: "name"


<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategies--key_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategies.key_auth`

Read-Only:

- `credential_type` (String)
- `id` (String) The Application Auth Strategy ID.
- `key_names` (List of String)
- `name` (String) Default: "name"
- `ttl` (Attributes) Default maximum Time-To-Live for keys created under this strategy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategies--key_auth--ttl))

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategies--key_auth--ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategies.key_auth.ttl`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String)
- `value` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_portal_product_version.my_konnect_portal_product_version
  id = jsonencode({
    portal_id = "f32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
    product_version_id = "5f9fd312-a987-4628-b4c5-bb4f4fddd5f7"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_portal_product_version.my_konnect_portal_product_version '{"portal_id": "f32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a", "product_version_id": "5f9fd312-a987-4628-b4c5-bb4f4fddd5f7"}'
```
