---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_realm Resource - terraform-provider-konnect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Realm Resource
---

# konnect_realm (Resource)

Realm Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_realm" "my_realm" {
  allow_all_control_planes = true
  allowed_control_planes = [
    "..."
  ]
  consumer_groups = [
    "..."
  ]
  force_destroy = "false"
  name          = "...my_name..."
  negative_ttl  = 11
  ttl           = 15
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `allow_all_control_planes` (Boolean) Allow all control planes to use the realm. When this value is set it takes precedence on `allowed_control_planes`.
- `allowed_control_planes` (Set of String) List of control plane ids that are allowed to use the realm. This is used when `allow_all_control_planes` value
is set to false.
- `consumer_groups` (Set of String) A list of consumer groups to automatically add to any consumers created within this Realm.
If `consumer_groups` are provided on the Consumer object _and_ on the Realm, the Consumer will be placed in all defined consumer groups.
- `force_destroy` (String) If set to "true", the realm and all consumers and credentials will be deleted when running `terraform destroy`.
If set to "false", the realm will not be deleted until all child entities are manually removed.
This will IRREVERSIBLY DELETE ALL REGISTERED CONSUMERS AND THEIR CREDENTIALS. Only set to "true" if you want this behavior.
Default: "false"; must be one of ["true", "false"]
- `negative_ttl` (Number) If a running Gateway triggers a lookup for a Consumer that cannot be authenticated this realm, a `negative_ttl`
is set. The Gateway will not try to lookup the Consumer in Konnect for `negative_ttl` minutes.

A Consumer will be cached for `negative_ttl` if they do not exist in the Realm, or if the provided credentials
are invalid.
Default: 10
- `ttl` (Number) The time in minutes that the Consumer will be cached in memory on a running Gateway if it is
successfully loaded from Konnect.
Default: 10

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_realm.my_konnect_realm
  id = "..."
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_realm.my_konnect_realm "..."
```
